
2007年12月22日大学英语四级考试(CET-4)B卷
全真试题(2007年12月22日)
Part I	Writing	(30 minutes)
注意：此部分试题在答题卡1上。
Directions:	For this part, you are allowed thirty minutes to write a composition on the topic What Electives To Choose. You should write at least 120 words according to the outline given below in Chinese:
1. 各学校开了各种各样的选修课
2. 学生选课有不同的原因
3. 就我而言
What Electives To Choose
亲爱的站长您好：夜很深了，已凌晨2点40分了，这么晚给您写信，是想跟您聊一下尊重劳动尊重版权的问题。本四六级大全，出第一版之时，我们是以WORD文档发布的，这主要是考虑到您引用方便，网友使用也方便。可是令我们感到沮丧的是，少数网站站长，对别人的劳动似乎不够尊重，把我们WORD文档的页眉页脚，以及文档的使用说明，清除得干干净净；还有的站长，技术水平更高一些，更勤劳一些，把我们的WORD文档转为PDF文档，并且，还给PDF文档加上密，去掉我们的标识及使用说明仍不甘罢休，还英明地加上了自己网站的标识；还有的制作CHM文档的技术水平比较高，给做成了这个格式的文档。如此种种情况，实在让您受累了啊！所以，这次文档发布，只好用PDF格式发布文档了。这下您改文件的特长又可以发挥了啊，改文件的技术水平又可以长足提高了！六年前，本人制作的GMAT四部大全，在全世界流传至今，仍是原封不动的初始版本，可能世界其他国家的站长都不如我们伟大中国的站长水平高，考虑问题周全吧！为什么麦当劳在中国的餐巾纸是限量供应的，而在美国不限量？我想我们自己所处的环境，至少部分是我们自己创造的。您难道要执意为自己创造一个找不到好资源的环境么？难道执意要逼我用图片格式发布下一个版本么？难道我近千小时的辛苦劳动及直接从口袋里拿出的近万元现金投入换不来您慷慨地原样转载么？您难道不知道，篡改别人的作品，是一种什么行为么？不知道这种行为对您网站的形象是一种严重的伤害么？很多热心的网友来向我反映，某某网站篡改你的作品了，这种行为实在无耻，你去找他吧！这些我都没好意思跟您汇报。当然，大部分站长或版主对版权尊重做得很好！我们深表感谢！并向你们致以最崇高的敬意！大家学习网／大家网／大家论坛：阁明俊敬上
Part II	Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)	(15 minutes)
Directions:	In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passage quickly and answer the questions on Answer Sheet 1. For questions 1-7, choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). For questions 8-10, complete the sentences with the information given in the passage.
Universities Branch Out
　　As never before in their long history, universities have become instruments of national competition as well as instruments of peace. They are the place of the scientific discoveries that move economies forward, and the primary means of educating the talent required to obtain and maintain competitive advantage. But at the same time, the opening of national borders to the flow of goods, services, information and especially people has made universities a powerful force for global integration, mutual understanding and geopolitical stability.
　　In response to the same forces that have driven the world economy, universities have become more self-consciously global: seeking students from around the world who represent the entire range of cultures and values, sending their own students abroad to prepare them for global careers, offering courses of study that address the challenges of an interconnected world and collaborative (合作的) research programs to advance science for the benefit of all humanity.
　　Of the forces shaping higher education none is more sweeping than the movement across borders. Over the past three decades the number of students leaving home each year to study abroad has grown at an annual rate of 3.9 percent, from 800,000 in 1975 to 2.5 million in 2004. Most travel from one developed nation to another, but the flow from developing to developed countries is growing rapidly. The reverse flow, from developed to developing countries, is on the rise, too. Today foreign students earn 30 percent of the doctoral degrees awarded in the United States and 38 percent of those in the United Kingdom. And the number crossing borders for undergraduate study is growing as well, to 8 percent of the undergraduates at America's best institutions and 10 percent of all undergraduates in the U.K. In the United States, 20 percent of the newly hired professors in science and engineering are foreign-born, and in China many newly hired faculty members at the top research universities received their graduate education abroad.
　　Universities are also encouraging students to spend some of their undergraduate years in another country. In Europe, more than 140,000 students participate in the Erasmus program each year, taking courses for credit in one of 2,200 participating institutions across the continent. And in the United States, institutions are helping place students in summer internships (实习) abroad to prepare them for global careers. Yale and Harvard have led the way, offering every undergraduate at least one international study or internship opportunity-and providing the financial resources to make it possible.
　　Globalization is also reshaping the way research is done. One new trend involves sourcing portions of a research program to another country. Yale professor and Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator Tian Xu directs a research center focused on the genetics of human disease at Shanghai's Fudan University, in collaboration with faculty colleagues from both schools. The Shanghai center has 95 employees and graduate students working in a 4,300-square-meter laboratory facility. Yale faculty, postdoctors and graduate students visit regularly and attend videoconference seminars with scientists from both campuses. The arrangement benefits both countries; Xu's Yale lab is more productive, thanks to the lower costs of conducting research in China, and Chinese graduate students, postdoctors and faculty get on-the-job training from a world-class scientist and his U.S. team.
　　As a result of its strength in science, the United States has consistently led the world in the commercialization of major new technologies, from the mainframe computer and the integrated circuit of the 1960s to the Internet infrastructure (基础设施) and applications software of the 1990s. The link between university-based science and industrial application is often indirect but sometimes highly visible: Silicon Valley was intentionally created by Stanford University, and Route 128 outside Boston has long housed companies spun off from MIT and Harvard. Around the world, governments have encouraged copying of this model, perhaps most successfully in Cambridge, England, where Microsoft and scores of other leading software and biotechnology companies have set up shop around the university.
　　For all its success, the United States remains deeply hesitant about sustaining the research-university model. Most politicians recognize the link between investment in science and national economic strength, but support for research funding has been unsteady. The budget of the National Institutes of Health doubled between 1998 and 2003, but has risen more slowly than inflation since then. Support for the physical sciences and engineering barely kept pace with inflation during that same period. The attempt to make up lost ground is welcome, but the nation would be better served by steady, predictable increases in science funding at the rate of long-term GDP growth, which is on the order of inflation plus 3 percent per year.
　　American politicians have great difficulty recognizing that admitting more foreign students can greatly promote the national interest by increasing international understanding. Adjusted for inflation, public funding for international exchanges and foreign-language study is well below the levels of 40 years ago. In the wake of September 11, changes in the visa process caused a dramatic decline in the number of foreign students seeking admission to U.S. universities, and a corresponding surge in enrollments in Australia, Singapore and the U.K. Objections from American university and business leaders led to improvements in the process and a reversal of the decline, but the United States is still seen by many as unwelcoming to international students.
　　Most Americans recognize that universities contribute to the nation's well-being through their scientific research, but many fear that foreign students threaten American competitiveness by taking their knowledge and skills back home. They fail to grasp that welcoming foreign students to the United States has two important positive effects: first, the very best of them stay in the States and-like immigrants throughout history-strengthen the nation; and second, foreign students who study in the United States become ambassadors for many of its most cherished (珍视) values when they return home. Or at least they understand them better. In America as elsewhere, few instruments of foreign policy are as effective in promoting peace and stability as welcoming international university students.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
1.	From the first paragraph we know that present-day universities have become 大 家 网.
A) more popularized than ever before
B) in-service training organizations
C) a powerful force for global integration
D) more and more research-oriented
2.	Over the past three decades, the enrollment of overseas students has increased 大 家 网.
A) at an annual rate of 8 percent
B) at an annual rate of 3.9 percent
C) by 800,000
D) by 2.5 million
3.	In the United States, how many of the newly hired professors in science and engineering are foreign-born?
A) 38%.
B) 10%.
C) 30%.
D) 20%.
4.	How do Yale and Harvard prepare their undergraduates for global careers?
A) They give them chances for international study or internship.
B) They arrange for them to participate in the Erasmus program.
C) They offer them various courses in international politics.
D) They organize a series of seminars on world economy.
5.	An example illustrating the general trend of universities' globalization is 大 家 网.
A) Yale's establishing branch campuses throughout the world
B) Yale's student exchange program with European institutions
C) Yale's helping Chinese universities to launch research projects
D) Yale's collaboration with Fudan University on genetic research
6.	What do we learn about Silicon Valley from the passage?
A) It is known to be the birthplace of Microsoft Company.
B) It was intentionally created by Stanford University.
C) It is where the Internet infrastructure was built up.
D) It houses many companies spun off from MIT and Harvard.
7.	What is said about the U.S. federal funding for research?
A) It has increased by 3 percent.
B) It doubled between 1998 and 2003.
C) It has been unsteady for years.
D) It has been more than sufficient.
8.	The dramatic decline in the enrollment of foreign students in the U.S. after September 11 was caused by 大 家 网.
9.	Many Americans fear that American competitiveness may be threatened by foreign students who will 大 家 网.
10.	The policy of welcoming foreign students can benefit the U.S. in that the very best of them will stay and 大 家 网.
Part III	Listening Comprehension	(35 minutes)
Section A
Directions:	In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
11.	A) She used to be in poor health.
B) She didn't do well at high school.
C) She was popular among boys.
D) She was somewhat overweight.
12.	A) At the airport.
B) At the hotel reception.
C) In a restaurant.
D) In a booking office.
13.	A) Having confidence in her son.
B) Telling her son not to worry.
C) Teaching her son by herself.
D) Asking the teacher for extra help.
14.	A) Have a short break.
B) Take two weeks off.
C) Go on vacation with the man.
D) Continue her work outdoors.
15.	A) He is taking care of his twin brother.
B) He is worried about Rod's health.
C) He has been in perfect condition.
D) He has been feeling ill all week.
16.	A) She bought a new set of furniture from Italy last month.
B) She sold all her furniture before she moved house.
C) She plans to put all her old furniture in the basement.
D) She still keeps some old furniture in her new house.
17.	A) The woman forgot lending the book to the man.
B) The woman doesn't find the book useful any more.
C) The woman doesn't seem to know what the book is about.
D) The woman wondered why the man didn't return the book.
18.	A) Most of the man's friends are athletes.
B) The man doesn't look like a sportsman.
C) Few people share the woman's opinion.
D) The woman doubts the man's athletic ability.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
19.	A) She is afraid that she has lost it.
B) She is going to get it at the airport.
C) She has packed it in one of her bags.
D) She has probably left it in a taxi.
20.	A) It will cost her a lot.
B) It will last one week.
C) It ends in winter.
D) It depends on the weather.
21.	A) There is a lot of stuff to pack.
B) There might be a traffic jam.
C) The plane is taking off soon.
D) The taxi is waiting for them.
22.	A) At home.
B) In the man's car.
C) By the side of a taxi.
D) At the airport.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
23.	A) She is thirsty for promotion.
B) She is tired of her present work.
C) She wants a much higher salary.
D) She wants to save travel expenses.
24.	A) Language instructor.
B) Environmental engineer.
C) Translator.
D) Travel agent.
25.	A) Devotion and work efficiency.
B) Lively personality and inquiring mind.
C) Communication skills and team spirit.
D) Education and experience.
Section B
Directions:	In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
Passage One
Questions 26 to 29 are based on the passage you have just heard.
26.	A) They want children to keep them company.
B) They want to enrich their life experience.
C) They need looking after in their old age.
D) They care a lot about children.
27.	A) Their birth parents often try to conceal their birth information.
B) They are usually adopted from distant places.
C) Their birth information is usually kept secret.
D) Their adoptive parents don't want them to know their birth parents.
28.	A) They do not want to hurt the feelings of their adoptive parents.
B) They have mixed feelings about finding their natural parents.
C) They generally hold bad feelings towards their birth parents.
D) They are fully aware of the expenses involved in the search.
29.	A) Adoption has much to do with love.
B) Understanding is the key to successful adoption.
C) Most people prefer to adopt children from overseas.
D) Early adoption makes for closer parent-child relationship.
Passage Two
Questions 30 to 32 are based on the passage you have just heard.
30.	A) He suffered from mental illness.
B) He bought The Washington Post.
C) He was once a reporter for a major newspaper.
D) He turned a failing newspaper into a success.
31.	A) She committed suicide because of her mental disorder.
B) She got her first job as a teacher at the University of Chicago.
C) She was the first woman to lead a big U.S. publishing company.
D) She took over her father's position when he died.
32.	A) Katharine had exerted an important influence on the world.
B) People came to see the role of women in the business world.
C) American media would be quite different without Katharine.
D) Katharine played a major part in reshaping Americans' mind.
Passage Three
Questions 33 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
33.	A) It'll allow them to receive free medical treatment.
B) It'll prevent the doctors from overcharging them.
C) It'll enable them to enjoy the best medical care.
D) It'll protect them from possible financial crises.
34.	A) They may not be able to receive timely medical treatment.
B) They can only visit doctors who speak their native languages.
C) They have to go through very complicated application procedures.
D) They can't immediately get back the money paid for their medical cost.
35.	A) They must send the receipts to the insurance company promptly.
B) They have to pay a much higher price to get an insurance policy.
C) They needn't pay the entire medical bill at once.
D) They don't have to pay for the medical services.
Section C
Directions:	In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks, you can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　More and more of the world's population are living in towns or cities. The speed at which cities are growing in the less developed countries is (36) 大 家 网. Between 1920 and 1960 big cities in developed countries (37) 大 家 网 two and a half times in size, but in other parts of the world the growth was eight times their size.
　　The (38) 大 家 网 size of growth is bad enough, but there are now also very (39) 大 家 网 signs of trouble in the (40) 大 家 网 of percentages of people living in towns and percentages of people working in industry. During the nineteenth century cities grew as a result of the growth of industry. In Europe the (41) 大 家 网 of people living in cities was always smaller than that of the (42) 大 家 网 working in factories. Now, however, the (43) 大 家 网 is almost always true in the newly industrialised world: (44) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家.
　　Without a base of people working in industry, these cities cannot pay for their growth; (45) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家. There has been little opportunity to build water supplies or other facilities. (46) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家, a growth in the number of hopeless and despairing parents and starving children.
Part IV	Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth)	(25 minutes)
Section A
Directions:	In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Questions 47 to 56 are based on the following passage.
　　As war spreads to many corners of the globe, children sadly have been drawn into the center of conflicts. In Afghanistan, Bosnia, and Colombia, however, groups of children have been taking part in peace education . The children, after learning to resolve conflicts, took on the  of peacemakers. The Children's Movement for Peace in Colombia was even nominated (提名) for the Nobel Peace Prize in 1998. Groups of children  as peacemakers studied human rights and poverty issues in Colombia, eventually forming a group with five other schools in Bogotá known as The Schools of Peace.
　　The classroom  opportunities for children to replace angry, violent behaviors with , peaceful ones. It is in the classroom that caring and respect for each person empowers children to take a step  toward becoming peacemakers. Fortunately, educators have access to many online resources that are  useful when helping children along the path to peace. The Young Peacemakers Club, started in 1992, provides a Website with resources for teachers and  on starting a Kindness Campaign. The World Centers of Compassion for Children International call attention to children's rights and how to help the  of war. Starting a Peacemakers' Club is a praiseworthy venture for a class and one that could spread to other classrooms and ideally affect the culture of the  school.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。

A)	victimsI)	forwardB)	technologyJ)	especiallyC)	roleK)	entireD)	respectivelyL)	cooperativeE)	projectsM)	comprehensiveF)	offersN)	assumingG)	informationO)	actingH)	images
Section B
Directions:	There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 57 to 61 are based on the following passage.
　　In this age of Internet chat, videogames and reality television, there is no shortage of mindless activities to keep a child occupied. Yet, despite the competition, my 8-year-old daughter Rebecca wants to spend her leisure time writing short stories. She wants to enter one of her stories into a writing contest, a competition she won last year.
　　As a writer I know about winning contests, and about losing them. I know what it is like to work hard on a story only to receive a rejection slip from the publisher. I also know the pressures of trying to live up to a reputation created by previous victories. What if she doesn't win the contest again? That's the strange thing about being a parent. So many of our own past scars and dashed hopes can surface.
　　A revelation (启示) came last week when I asked her, "Don't you want to win again?" "No," she replied, "I just want to tell the story of an angel going to first grade."
　　I had just spent weeks correcting her stories as she spontaneously (自发地) told them. Telling myself that I was merely an experienced writer guiding the young writer across the hall, I offered suggestions for characters, conflicts and endings for her tales. The story about a fearful angel starting first grade was quickly "guided" by me into the tale of a little girl with a wild imagination taking her first music lesson. I had turned her contest into my contest without even realizing it.
　　Staying back and giving kids space to grow is not as easy as it looks. Because I know very little about farm animals who use tools or angels who go to first grade, I had to accept the fact that I was co-opting (借用) my daughter's experience.
　　While stepping back was difficult for me, it was certainly a good first step that I will quickly follow with more steps, putting myself far enough away to give her room but close enough to help if asked. All the while I will be reminding myself that children need room to experiment, grow and find their own voices.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
57.	What do we learn from the first paragraph?
A) A lot of distractions compete for children's time nowadays.
B) Children do find lots of fun in many mindless activities.
C) Rebecca is much too occupied to enjoy her leisure time.
D) Rebecca draws on a lot of online materials for her writing.
58.	What did the author say about her own writing experience?
A) She was constantly under pressure of writing more.
B) Most of her stories had been rejected by publishers.
C) She did not quite live up to her reputation as a writer.
D) Her way to success was full of pains and frustrations.
59.	Why did Rebecca want to enter this year's writing contest?
A) She had won a prize in the previous contest.
B) She wanted to share her stories with readers.
C) She was sure of winning with her mother's help.
D) She believed she possessed real talent for writing.
60.	The author took great pains to refine her daughter's stories because 大 家 网.
A) she wanted to help Rebecca realize her dream of becoming a writer
B) she was afraid Rebecca's imagination might run wild while writing
C) she did not want to disappoint Rebecca who needed her help so much
D) she believed she had the knowledge and experience to offer guidance
61.	What's the author's advice for parents?
A) Children should be given every chance to voice their opinions.
B) Parents should keep an eye on the activities their kids engage in.
C) Children should be allowed freedom to grow through experience.
D) A writing career, though attractive, is not for every child to pursue.
Passage Two
Questions 62 to 66 are based on the following passage.
　　By almost any measure, there is a boom in Internet-based instruction. In just a few years, 34 percent of American universities have begun offering some form of distance learning (DL), and among the larger schools, it's closer to 90 percent. If you doubt the popularity of the trend, you probably haven't heard of the University of Phoenix. It grants degrees entirely on the basis of online instruction. It enrolls 90,000 students, a statistic used to support its claim to be the largest private university in the country.
　　While the kinds of instruction offered in these programs will differ, DL usually signifies a course in which the instructors post syllabi (课程大纲), reading assignments, and schedules on Websites, and students send in their assignments by e-mail. Generally speaking, face-to-face communication with an instructor is minimized or eliminated altogether.
　　The attraction for students might at first seem obvious. Primarily, there's the convenience promised by courses on the Net: you can do the work, as they say, in your pajamas (睡衣). But figures indicate that the reduced effort results in a reduced commitment to the course. While drop-out rates for all freshmen at American universities is around 20 percent, the rate for online students is 35 percent. Students themselves seem to understand the weaknesses inherent in the setup. In a survey conducted for eCornell, the DL division of Cornell University, less than a third of the respondents expected the quality of the online course to be as good as the classroom course.
　　Clearly, from the schools' perspective, there's a lot of money to be saved. Although some of the more ambitious programs require new investments in servers and networks to support collaborative software, most DL courses can run on existing or minimally upgraded (升级) systems. The more students who enroll in a course but don't come to campus, the more the school saves on keeping the lights on in the classrooms, paying doorkeepers, and maintaining parking lots. And, while there's evidence that instructors must work harder to run a DL course for a variety of reasons, they won't be paid any more, and might well be paid less.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
62.	What is the most striking feature of the University of Phoenix?
A) It boasts the largest number of students on campus.
B) All its courses are offered online.
C) Its online courses are of the best quality.
D) Anyone taking its online courses is sure to get a degree.
63.	According to the passage, distance learning is basically characterized by 大 家 网.
A) a minimum or total absence of face-to-face instruction
B) a considerable flexibility in its academic requirements
C) the great diversity of students' academic backgrounds
D) the casual relationship between students and professors
64.	Many students take Internet-based courses mainly because they can 大 家 网.
A) save a great deal on traveling and boarding expenses
B) select courses from various colleges and universities
C) work on the required courses whenever and wherever
D) earn their academic degrees with much less effort
65.	What accounts for the high drop-out rates for online students?
A) There is no mechanism to ensure that they make the required effort.
B) There is no strict control over the academic standards of the courses.
C) The evaluation system used by online universities is inherently weak.
D) Lack of classroom interaction reduces the effectiveness of instruction.
66.	According to the passage, universities show great enthusiasm for DL programs for the purpose of 大 家 网.
A) building up their reputation
B) upgrading their teaching facilities
C) providing convenience for students
D) cutting down on their expenses
Part V	Cloze	(15 minutes)
Directions:	There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each blank there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D) on the right side of the paper. You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。

　　One factor that can influence consumers is their mood state. Mood may be defined  a temporary and mild positive or negative feeling that is generalized and not tied  any particular circumstance. Moods should be  from emotions which are usually more intense,  to specific circumstances, and often conscious.  one sense, the effect of a consumer's mood can be thought of in  the same way as can our reactions to the  of our friends-when our friends are happy and "up", that tends to influence us positively,  when they are "down", that can have a  impact on us. Similarly, consumers operating under a  mood state tend to react to stimuli (刺激因素) in a direction  with that mood state. Thus, for example, we should expect to see  in a positive mood state evaluate products in more of a  manner than they would when not in such a state. , mood states appear capable of  a consumer's memory.
　　Moods appear to be  influenced by marketing techniques. For example, the rhythm, pitch, and  of music has been shown to influence behavior such as the  of time spent in supermarkets or  to purchase products. In addition, advertising can influence consumers' moods which, in , are capable of influencing consumers' reactions to products.

67.	A) with	C) as
　　B) about	D) by
68.	A) up	C) under
　　B) to	D) over
69.	A) divided	C) descended
　　B) derived	D) distinguished
70.	A) referred	C) attached
　　B) related	D) associated
71.	A) In	C) By
　　B) On	D) Of
72.	A) thus	C) much
　　B) still	D) even
73.	A) behavior	C) signal
　　B) gesture	D) view
74.	A) for	C) unless
　　B) provided	D) but
75.	A) relative	C) sensitive
　　B) negative	D) decisive
76.	A) fixed	C) given
　　B) granted	D) driven
77.	A) insistent	C) persistent
　　B) resistant	D) consistent
78.	A) retailers	C) businessmen
　　B) consumers	D) manufacturers
79.	A) casual	C) favorable
　　B) serious	D) critical
80.	A) Moreover	C) Nevertheless
　　B) However	D) Otherwise
81.	A) lifting	C) cultivating
　　B) raising	D) enhancing
82.	A) rarely	C) currently
　　B) readily	D) cautiously
83.	A) volume	C) step
　　B) speed	D) band
84.	A) extent	C) amount
　　B) scope	D) range
85.	A) capacities	C) intentions
　　B) facilities	D) reflections
86.	A) turn	C) total
　　B) depth	D) detail
Part VI	Translation	(5 minutes)
Directions:	Complete the sentences by translating into English the Chinese given in brackets. Please write your translation on Answer Sheet 2.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答，只需写出译文部分。
87.	加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (多亏了一系列的新发明), doctors can treat this disease successfully.
88.	In my sixties, one change I notice is that 加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (我比以前更容易累了).
89.	I am going to pursue this course, 加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (无论我要作出什么样的牺牲).
90.	I would prefer shopping online to shopping in a department store because 加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (它更加方便和省时).
91.	Many Americans live on credit, and their quality of life 加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (是用他们能够借到多少来衡量的), not how much they can earn.

参考答案(2007年12月22日)
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
四级英语参考范文：
　　
Part II Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning) (15 minutes)

1.	B2.	B3.	D4.	A5.	D6.	B7.	C
8.	changes in the visa process
9.	take their knowledge and skills back home
10.	strengthen the nation
Part III Listening Comprehension (35 minutes)

11.	C12.	B13.	A14.	A15.	C16.	D17.	A18.	B19.	C20.	B21.	D22.	A23.	B24.	C25.	D
26.	D27.	C28.	B29.	A30.	B31.	C32.	A33.	D34.	D35.	C
36.	alarming
37.	increased
38.	sheer
39.	disturbing
40.	comparison
41.	proportion
42.	workforce
43.	reverse
44.	the percentage of people living in cities is much higher than the percentage working in industry
45.	there is not enough money to build adequate houses for the people that live there, let alone the new arrivals
46.	So the figures for the growth of towns and cites represent proportional growth of unemployment and underemployment
Part IV Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth) (25 minutes)

47.	E48.	C49.	O50.	F51.	L52.	I53.	J54.	G55.	A56.	K
57.	B58.	D59.	B60.	A61.	A62.	B63.	A64.	C65.	A66.	D
Part V Cloze (15 minutes)

67.	C68.	B69.	D70.	B71.	A72.	C73.	A74.	D75.	B76.	C77.	D78.	B79.	C80.	A81.	D82.	B83.	A84.	C85.	C86.	A
Part VI Translation (5 minutes)
87.	Because of/Thanks to/Owing to/As a result of a series of new inventions
88.	I am more likely to get tired than before/it is more likely for me to become tired now/I am more inclined to become tired than before
89.	whatever sacrifice I have to make/whatever I may have to sacrifice/whatever cost I may have to pay/no matter what I have to sacrifice
90.	it is more convenient and less time-consuming/it is more convenient and time-saving/it is more convenient and can save more time
91.	is measured by how many they can loan/is evaluated by how much money they can borrow

听力原文(2007年12月22日)
11.	 W: I ran into Sally the other day. I could hardly recognize her. Do you remember her from high school?
M: Yeah, she was a little out of shape back then. Well, has she lost a lot of weight?
　　Q: What does the man remember of Sally?
12.	W: We don't seem to have a reservation for you, sir. I'm sorry.
M: But my secretary said that she had reserved a room for me here. I phoned her from the airport this morning just before I got on board the plane.
　　Q: Where does the conversation most probably take place?
13.	W: What would you do if you were in my place?
M: If Paul were my son, I'd just not worry. Now that his teacher is giving him extra help and he's working hard himself, he's sure to do well in the next exam.
Q: What's the man's suggestion to the woman?
14.	M: You've had your hands full and have been overworked during the last two weeks. I think you really need to go out and get some fresh air and sunshine.
　　W: You are right. That's just what I'm thinking about.
     Q: What is the woman most probably going to do?
15.	W: Hello, John. How are you feeling now? I hear you've been ill.
M: They must have confused me with my twin brother Rods. He's been sick all week, but I've never felt better in my life.
　　Q: What do we learn about the man?
16.	M: Did you really give away all your furniture when you moved into the new house last month?
W: Just the useless pieces, as I'm planning to purchase a new set from Italy for the sitting room only.
　　Q: What does the woman mean?
17.	W: I've brought back your Oxford Companion to English Literature. I thought you might use it for your paper. Sorry not to have returned it earlier.
　　W: I was wondering where that book was.
     Q: What can we infer from the conversation?
18.	M: To tell the truth, Tony, it never occurs to me that you are an athlete.
W: Oh, really? Most people who meet me, including some friends of mine, don't think so either.
Q: What do we learn from the conversation?
Conversation One
　　W: To tell the truth, Tony, it never occurs to me that you are an athlete.
M: Oh, really? Most people who meet me, including some friends of mine, don't think so either.
　　Q: What do we learn from the conversation?
　　Long Conversations
　　Conversation 1
　　M: Mary, I hope you're packed and ready to leave.
　　W: Yes, I'm packed, but not quite ready. I can't find my passport.
　　M: Your passport? That's the one thing you mustn't leave behind.
W: I know. I haven't lost it. I've packed it, but I can't remember which bag it's in.
　　M: Well, you have to find it at the airport. Come on, the taxi is waiting.
　　W: Did you say taxi? I thought we were going in your car.
M: Yes, well, I have planned to, but I'll explain later. You've got to be there in an hour.
　　W: The plane doesn't leave for two hours. Anyway, I'm ready to go now.
　　M: Now, you're taking just one case, is that right?
　　W: No, there is one in the hall as well.
　　M: Gosh, what a lot of stuff! You're taking enough for a month instead of a week.
　　W: Well, you can't depend on the weather. It might be cold.
　　M: It's never cold in Rome. Certainly not in May. Come on, we really must go.
　　W: Right, we're ready. We've got the bags. I'm sure there's no need to rush.
　　M: There is. I asked the taxi driver to wait two minutes, not twenty.
　　W: Look, I'm supposed to be going away to relax. You're making me nervous.
　　M: Well, I want you to relax on holiday, but you can't relax yet.
W: OK, I promise not to relax, at least not until we get to the airport and I find my passport.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
19.	What does the woman say about her passport?
20.	What do we know about the woman's trip?
21.	Why does the man urge the woman to hurry?
22.	W Where does the conversation most probably take place?
Conversation Two
W: Oh, I'm fed up with my job.
　　M: Hey, there's a perfect job for you in the paper today. You might be interested.
　　W: Oh, what is it? What do they want?
M: Wait a minute. Uh, here it is. The European Space Agency is recruiting translators.
　　W: The European Space Agency?
M: Well, that's what it says. They need an English translator to work from French or German.
W: So they need a degree in French or German, I suppose. Well, I've got that. What's more, I have plenty of experience. What else are they asking for?
M: Just that. A university degree and three or four years of experience as a translator in a professional environment. They also say the person should have a lively and inquiring mind, effective communication skills and the ability to work individually or as a part of the team.
W: Well, if I stay at my present job much longer, I won't have any mind or skills left. By the way, what about salary? I just hope it isn't lower than what I get now.
M: It's said to be negotiable. It depends on the applicant's education and experience. In addition to basic salary, there's a list of extra benefits. Have a look yourself.
W: Hm, travel and social security plus relocation expenses are paid. Hey, this isn't bad. I really want the job.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
23.	Why is the woman trying to find a new job?
24.	What position is being advertised in the paper?
25.	What are the key factors that determine the salary of the new position?
Passage One
　　When couples get married, they usually plan to have children. Sometimes, however, a couple can not have a child of their own. In this case, they may decide to adopt a child. In fact, adoption is very common today. There are about 60 thousand adoptions each year in the United Statesalone. Some people prefer to adopt infants, others adopt older children, some couples adopt children from their own countries, others adopt children from foreign countries. In any case, they all adopt children for the same reason ---- they care about children and want to give their adopted child a happy life.
　　Most adopted children know that they are adopted. Psychologists and child-care experts generally think this is a good idea. However, many adopted children or adoptees have very little information about their biological parents. As a matter of fact, it is often very difficult for adoptees to find out about their birth parents because the birth records of most adoptees are usually sealed. The information is secret so no one can see it. Naturally, adopted children have different feelings about their birth parents. Many adoptees want to search for them, but others do not. The decision to search for birth parents is a difficult one to make. Most adoptees have mixed feelings about finding their biological parents. Even though adoptees do not know about their natural parents, they do know that their adoptive parents want them, love them and will care for them.
Questions 26 to 29 are based on the passage you've just heard.
26.	According to the speaker, why do some couples adopt children?
27.	Why is it difficult for adoptees to find out about their birth parents?
28.	Why do many adoptees find it hard to make the decision to search for their birth parents?
29.	What can we infer from the passage?
Passage Two
　　Katherine Gram graduated from University of Chicago in 1938 and got a job as a news reporter in San Francisco. Katherine's father used to be a successful investment banker. In 1933, he bought a failing newspaper, the Washington Post.
　　Then Katherine returned to Washington and got a job, editing letters in her father's newspaper. She married Philip Gram, who took over his father-in-law's position shortly after and became publisher of the Washington Post. But for many years, her husband suffered from mental illness and he killed himself in 1963. After her husband's death, Katherine operated the newspaper. In the 1970s, the newspaper became famous around the world and Katherine was also recognized as an important leader in newspaper publishing. She was the first woman to head a major American publishing company, the Washington Post company. In a few years, she successfully expanded the company to include newspaper, magazine, broadcast and cable companies.
　　She died of head injuries after a fall when she was 84. More than 3 thousand people attended her funeral including many government and business leaders. Her friends said she would be remembered as a woman who had an important influence on events in the United States and the world. Katherine once wrote, "The world without newspapers would not be the same kind of world". After her death, the employees of the Washington Post wrote, "The world without Katherine would not be the same at all."
Questions 29 to 31 are based on the passage you've just heard.
30.	What do we learn from the passage about Katherine's father?
31.	What does the speaker tell us about Katherine Gram?
32.	What does the comment by employees of The Washington Post suggest?
Passage Three
　　Obtaining good health insurance is a real necessity while you are studying overseas. It protects you from minor and major medical expenses that can wipe out not only your savings but your dreams of an education abroad. There are often two different types of health insurance you can consider buying, international travel insurance and student insurance in the country where you will be going.
　　An international travel insurance policy is usually purchased in your home country before you go abroad. It generally covers a wide variety of medical services and you are often given a list of doctors in the area where you will travel who may even speak your native language. The drawback might be that you may not get your money back immediately, in other words, you may have to pay all you medical expenses and then later submit your receipts to the insurance company.
　　On the other hand, getting student heath insurance in the country where you will study might allow you to only pay a certain percentage of the medical cost at the time of service and thus you don't have to have sufficient cash to pay the entire bill at once. Whatever you decide, obtaining some form of health insurance is something you should consider before you go overseas. You shouldn't wait until you are sick with major medical bills to pay off.
Questions 32 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
33.	Why does the speaker advise overseas students to buy health insurance?
34.	What is the drawback of students buying international travel insurance?
35.	What does the speaker say about students getting health insurance in the country where they will study?
Compound Dictation
　　More and more of the world's population are living in towns or cities. The speed at which cities are growing in the less developed countries is alarming. Between 1920 and 1960, big cities in developed countries increased two and a half times in size, but in other parts of the world the growth was eight times their size. 
　　The sheer size of growth is bad enough, but there are now also very disturbing signs of trouble in the comparison of percentages of people living in towns and percentages of people working in industry. During the 19th century, cities grew as a result of the growth of industry. In Europe, the proportion of people living in cities was always smaller than that of the workforce working in factories. Now, however, the reverse is almost always true in the newly industrialized world: The percentage of people living in cities is much higher than the percentage working in industry.
　　Without a base of people working in industry, these cities cannot pay for their growth; There is not enough money to build adequate houses for the people that live there, let alone the new arrivals. There has been little opportunity to build water supplies or other facilities. So the figures for the growth of towns and cities represent proportional growth of unemployment and underemployment, a growth in the number of hopeless and despairing parents and starving children.


大家版收藏级大学英语四六级真题大全	大家学习网

www.TopSage.com	2007年12月22日大学英语四级考试(CET-4)B卷

64	

	1




大家版收藏级大学英语四六级真题大全	大家学习网

www.TopSage.com	2007年12月22日大学英语四级考试(CET-4)B卷

78	

	15




大家版收藏级大学英语四六级真题大全	大家学习网

www.TopSage.com	2007年12月22日大学英语四级考试(CET-4)B卷

80	

	16




