2008年6月21日大学英语四级考试(CET-4)A卷
全真试题(2008年6月21日)
Part I	Writing	(30 minutes)
注意：此部分试题在答题卡1上。
Directions:	For this part, you are allowed thirty minutes to write a short essay entitled Recreational Activities. You should write at least 120 words according to the outline given below in Chinese:
1. 娱乐活动多种多样，
2. 娱乐可能使人们受益，也可能有危害性，
3. 作为大学生，我的看法。
Recreational Activities
亲爱的站长您好：夜很深了，已凌晨2点40分了，这么晚给您写信，是想跟您聊一下尊重劳动尊重版权的问题。本四六级大全，出第一版之时，我们是以WORD文档发布的，这主要是考虑到您引用方便，网友使用也方便。可是令我们感到沮丧的是，少数网站站长，对别人的劳动似乎不够尊重，把我们WORD文档的页眉页脚，以及文档的使用说明，清除得干干净净；还有的站长，技术水平更高一些，更勤劳一些，把我们的WORD文档转为PDF文档，并且，还给PDF文档加上密，去掉我们的标识及使用说明仍不甘罢休，还英明地加上了自己网站的标识；还有的制作CHM文档的技术水平比较高，给做成了这个格式的文档。如此种种情况，实在让您受累了啊！所以，这次文档发布，只好用PDF格式发布文档了。这下您改文件的特长又可以发挥了啊，改文件的技术水平又可以长足提高了！六年前，本人制作的GMAT四部大全，在全世界流传至今，仍是原封不动的初始版本，可能世界其他国家的站长都不如我们伟大中国的站长水平高，考虑问题周全吧！为什么麦当劳在中国的餐巾纸是限量供应的，而在美国不限量？我想我们自己所处的环境，至少部分是我们自己创造的。您难道要执意为自己创造一个找不到好资源的环境么？难道执意要逼我用图片格式发布下一个版本么？难道我近千小时的辛苦劳动及直接从口袋里拿出的近万元现金投入换不来您慷慨地原样转载么？您难道不知道，篡改别人的作品，是一种什么行为么？不知道这种行为对您网站的形象是一种严重的伤害么？很多热心的网友来向我反映，某某网站篡改你的作品了，这种行为实在无耻，你去找他吧！这些我都没好意思跟您汇报。当然，大部分站长或版主对版权尊重做得很好！我们深表感谢！并向你们致以最崇高的敬意！大家学习网／大家网／大家论坛：阁明俊敬上
Part II	Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)	(15 minutes)
Directions:	In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passage quickly and answer the questions on Answer Sheet 1. For questions 1-7, choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). For questions 8-10, complete the sentences with the information given in the passage.
Media Selection for Advertisements
　　After determining the target audience for a product or service, advertising agencies must select the appropriate media for the advertisement. We discuss here the major types of media used in advertising. We focus our attention on seven types of advertising: television, newspapers, radio, magazines, out-of-home, Internet, and direct mail.
Television
　　Television is an attractive medium for advertising because it delivers mass audiences to advertisers. When you consider that nearly three out of four Americans have seen the game show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? you can understand the power of television to communicate with a large audience. When advertisers create a brand, for example, they want to impress consumers with the brand and its image. Television provides an ideal vehicle for this type of communication. But television is an expensive medium, and not all advertisers can afford to use it.
　　Television's influence on advertising is fourfold. First, narrowcasting means that television channels are seen by an increasingly narrow segment of the audience. The Golf Channel, for instance, is watched by people who play golf. Home and Garden Television is seen by those interested in household improvement projects. Thus, audiences are smaller and more homogeneous (具有共同特点的) than they have been in the past. Second, there is an increase in the number of television channels available to viewers, and thus, advertisers. This has also resulted in an increase in the sheer number of advertisements to which audiences are exposed. Third, digital recording devices allow audience members more control over which commercials they watch. Fourth, control over programming is being passed from the networks to local cable operators and satellite programmers.
Newspaper
　　After television, the medium attracting the next largest annual ad revenue is newspapers. The New York Times, which reaches a national audience, accounts for $1 billion in ad revenue annually. It has increased its national circulation (发行量) by 40% and is now available for home delivery in 168 cities. Locally, newspapers are the largest advertising medium.
　　Newspapers are a less expensive advertising medium than television and provide a way for advertisers to communicate a longer, more detailed message to their audience than they can through television. Given new production techniques, advertisements can be printed in newspapers in about 48 hours, meaning newspapers are also a quick way of getting the message out. Newspapers are often the most important form of news for a local community, and they develop a high degree of loyalty from local readers.
Radio
　　Advertising on radio continues to grow. Radio is often used in conjunction with outdoor billboards (广告牌) and the Internet to reach even more customers than television. Advertisers are likely to use radio because it is a less expensive medium than television, which means advertisers can afford to repeat their ads often. Internet companies are also turning to radio advertising. Radio provides a way for advertisers to communicate with audience members at all times of the day. Consumers listen to radio on their way to school or work, at work, on the way home, and in the evening hours.
　　Two major changes-satellite and Internet radio-will force radio advertisers to adapt their methods. Both of these radio forms allow listeners to tune in stations that are more distant than the local stations they could receive in the past. As a result, radio will increasingly attract target audiences who live many miles apart.
Magazines
　　Newsweeklies, women's titles, and business magazines have all seen increases in advertising because they attract the high-end market. Magazines are popular with advertisers because of the narrow market that they deliver. A broadcast medium such as network television attracts all types of audience members, but magazine audiences are more homogeneous. If you read Sports Illustrated, for example, you have much in common with the magazine's other readers. Advertisers see magazines as an efficient way of reaching target audience members.
　　Advertisers using the print media-magazines and newspapers-will need to adapt to two main changes. First, the Internet will bring larger audiences to local newspapers. These audiences will be more diverse and geographically dispersed (分散) than in the past. Second, advertisers will have to understand how to use an increasing number of magazines for their target audiences. Although some magazines will maintain national audiences, a large number of magazines will entertain narrower audiences.
Out-of-home advertising
　　Out-of-home advertising, also called place-based advertising, has become an increasingly effective way of reaching consumers, who are more active than ever before. Many consumers today do not sit at home and watch television. Using billboards, newsstands, and bus shelters for advertising is an effective way of reaching these on-the-go consumers. More consumers travel longer distances to and from work, which also makes out-of-home advertising effective. Technology has changed the nature of the billboard business, making it a more effective medium than in the past. Using digital printing, billboard companies can print a billboard in 2 hours, compared with 6 days previously. This allows advertisers more variety in the types of messages they create because they can change their messages more quickly.
Internet
　　As consumers become more comfortable with online shopping, advertisers will seek to reach this market. As consumers get more of their news and information from the Internet, the ability of television and radio to get the word out to consumers will decrease. The challenge to Internet advertisers is to create ads that audience members remember.
　　Internet advertising will play a more prominent role in organizations' advertising in the near future. Internet audiences tend to be quite homogeneous, but small. Advertisers will have to adjust their methods to reach these audiences and will have to adapt their persuasive strategies to the online medium as well.
Direct mail
　　A final advertising medium is direct mail, which uses mailings to consumers to communicate a client's message. Direct mail includes newsletters, postcards and special promotions. Direct mail is an effective way to build relationships with consumers. For many businesses, direct mail is the most effective form of advertising.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
1.	Television is an attractive advertising medium in that 大 家 网.
A) it has large audiences
B) it appeals to housewives
C) it helps build up a company's reputation
D) it is affordable to most advertisers
2.	With the increase in the number of TV channels, 大 家 网.
A) the cost of TV advertising has decreased
B) the number of TV viewers has increased
C) advertisers' interest in other media has decreased
D) the number of TV ads people can see has increased
3.	Compared with television, newspapers as an advertising medium 大 家 网.
A) earn a larger annual ad revenue
B) convey more detailed messages
C) use more production techniques
D) get messages out more effectively
4.	Advertising on radio continues to grow because 大 家 网.
A) more local radio stations have been set up
B) modern technology makes it more entertaining
C) it provides easy access to consumers
D) it has been revolutionized by Internet radio
5.	Magazines are seen by advertisers as an efficient way to 大 家 网.
A) reach target audiences
B) appeal to educated people
C) attract diverse audiences
D) convey all kinds of messages
6.	Out-of-home advertising has become more effective because 大 家 网.
A) billboards can be replaced within two hours
B) consumers travel more now than ever before
C) such ads have been made much more attractive
D) the pace of urban life is much faster nowadays
7.	The challenge to Internet advertisers is to create ads that are 大 家 网.
A) quick to update
B) pleasant to look at
C) easy to remember
D) convenient to access
8.	Internet advertisers will have to adjust their methods to reach audiences that tend to be 大 家 网.
9.	Direct mail is an effective form of advertising for businesses to develop 大 家 网.
10.	This passage discusses how advertisers select 大 家 网 for advertisements.
Part III	Listening Comprehension	(35 minutes)
Section A
Directions:	In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
11.	A) Give his ankle a good rest.
B) Treat his injury immediately.
C) Continue his regular activities.
D) Be careful when climbing steps.
12.	A) On a train.
B) On a plane.
C) In a theater.
D) In a restaurant.
13.	A) A tragic accident.
B) A sad occasion.
C) Smith's unusual life story.
D) Smith's sleeping problem.
14.	A) Review the details of all her lessons.
B) Compare notes with his classmates.
C) Talk with her about his learning problems.
D) Focus on the main points of her lectures.
15.	A) The man blamed the woman for being careless.
B) The man misunderstood the woman's apology.
C) The woman offered to pay for the man's coffee.
D) The woman spilt coffee on the man's jacket.
16.	A) Extremely tedious.
B) Hard to understand.
C) Lacking a good plot.
D) Not worth seeing twice.
17.	A) Attending every lecture.
B) Doing lots of homework.
C) Reading very extensively.
D) Using test-taking strategies.
18.	A) The digital TV system will offer different programs.
B) He is eager to see what the new system is like.
C) He thinks it unrealistic to have 500 channels.
D) The new TV system may not provide anything better.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
19.	A) A notice by the electricity board.
B) Ads promoting electric appliances.
C) The description of a thief in disguise.
D) A new policy on pensioners' welfare.
20.	A) Speaking with a proper accent.
B) Wearing an official uniform.
C) Making friends with them.
D) Showing them his ID.
21.	A) To be on the alert when being followed.
B) Not to leave senior citizens alone at home.
C) Not to let anyone in without an appointment.
D) To watch out for those from the electricity board.
22.	A) She was robbed near the parking lot.
B) All her money in the bank disappeared.
C) The pension she had just drawn was stolen.
D) She was knocked down in the post office.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
23.	A) Marketing consultancy.
B) Professional accountancy.
C) Luxury hotel management.
D) Business conference organization.
24.	A) Having a good knowledge of its customs.
B) Knowing some key people in tourism.
C) Having been to the country before.
D) Being able to speak Japanese.
25.	A) It will bring her potential into full play.
B) It will involve lots of train travel.
C) It will enable her to improve her Chinese.
D) It will give her more chances to visit Japan.
Section B
Directions:	In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
Passage One
Questions 26 to 28 are based on the passage you have just heard.
26.	A) The lack of time.
B) The quality of life.
C) The frustrations at work.
D) The pressure on working families.
27.	A) They were just as busy as people of today.
B) They saw the importance of collective efforts.
C) They didn't complain as much as modern man.
D) They lived a hard life by hunting and gathering.
28.	A) To look for creative ideas of awarding employees.
B) To explore strategies for lowering production costs.
C) To seek new approaches to dealing with complaints.
D) To find effective ways to give employees flexibility.
Passage Two
Questions 29 to 31 are based on the passage you have just heard.
29.	A) Family violence.
B) The Great Depression.
C) Her father's disloyalty.
D) Her mother's bad temper.
30.	A) His advanced age.
B) His children's efforts.
C) His improved financial condition.
D) His second wife's positive influence.
31.	A) Love is blind.
B) Love breeds love.
C) Divorce often has disastrous consequences.
D) Happiness is hard to find in blended families.
Passage Three
Questions 32 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
32.	A) It was located in a park.
B) Its owner died of a heart attack.
C) It went bankrupt all of a sudden.
D) Its potted plants were for lease only.
33.	A) Planting some trees in the greenhouse.
B) Writing a want ad to a local newspaper.
C) Putting up a Going Out of Business sign.
D) Helping a customer select some purchases.
34.	A) Opening an office in the new office park.
B) Keeping better relations with her company.
C) Developing fresh business opportunities.
D) Building a big greenhouse of his own.
35.	A) Owning the greenhouse one day.
B) Securing a job at the office park.
C) Cultivating more potted plants.
D) Finding customers out of town.
Section C
Directions:	In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks, you can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　We're now witnessing the emergence of an advanced economy based on information and knowledge. Physical (36) 大 家 网, raw materials, and capital are no longer the key (37) 大 家 网 in the creation of wealth. Now, the (38) 大 家 网 raw material in our economy is knowledge. Tomorrow's wealth depends on the development and exchange of knowledge. And (39) 大 家 网 entering the workforce offer their knowledge, not their muscles. Knowledge workers get paid for their education and their ability to learn. Knowledge workers (40) 大 家 网 in mind work. They deal with symbols: words, (41) 大 家 网, and data.
　　What does all this mean for you? As a future knowledge worker, you can expect to be (42) 大 家 网, processing, as well as exchanging information. (43) 大 家 网, three out of four jobs involve some form of mind work, and that number will increase sharply in the future. Management and employees alike (44) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家.
　　In the new world of work, you can look forward to being in constant training (45) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家. You can also expect to be taking greater control of your career. Gone are the nine-to-five jobs, lifetime security, predictable promotions, and even the conventional workplace, as you are familiar with. (46) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家. And don't wait for someone to "empower" you. You have to empower yourself.
Part IV	Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth)	(25 minutes)
Section A
Directions:	In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Questions 47 to 56 are based on the following passage.
　　Some years ago I was offered a writing assignment that would require three months of travel through Europe. I had been abroad a couple of times, but I could hardly  to know my way around the continent. Moreover, my knowledge of foreign languages was  to a little college French.
　　I hesitated. How would I, unable to speak the language,  unfamiliar with local geography or transportation systems, set up  and do research? It seemed impossible, and with considerable  I sat down to write a letter begging off. Halfway through, a thought ran through my mind: you don't learn if you don't try. So I accepted the assignment.
　　There were some bad . But by the time I had finished the trip I was an experienced traveler, and ever since, I have never hesitated to head for even the most remote of places, without guides or even  bookings, confident that somehow I will manage.
　　The point is that the new, the different, is almost by definition . But each time you try something, you learn, and as the learning piles up, the world opens to you.
　　I've learned to ski at 40, and flown up the Rhine River in a , and I know I'll go on doing such things. It's not because I'm braver or more daring than others. I'm not. But I'll accept anxiety as another name for challenge and I believe I can  wonders.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。

A)	accomplishI)	manufactureB)	advancedJ)	momentsC)	balloonK)	newsD)	claimL)	reducedE)	constantlyM)	regretF)	declareN)	scaryG)	interviewsO)	totallyH)	limited
Section B
Directions:	There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 57 to 61 are based on the following passage.
　　Global warming may or may not be the great environmental crisis of the 21st century, but-regardless of whether it is or isn't-we won't do much about it. We will argue over it and may even, as a nation, make some fairly solemn-sounding commitments to avoid it. But the more dramatic and meaningful these commitments seem, the less likely they are to be observed.
　　Al Gore calls global warming an "inconvenient truth," as if merely recognizing it could put us on a path to a solution. But the real truth is that we don't know enough to relieve global warming, and-without major technological breakthroughs-we can't do much about it.
　　From 2003 to 2050, the world's population is projected to grow from 6.4 billion to 9.1 billion, a 42% increase. If energy use per person and technology remain the same, total energy use and greenhouse gas emissions (mainly, CO2) will be 42% higher in 2050. But that's too low, because societies that grow richer use more energy. We need economic growth unless we condemn the world's poor to their present poverty and freeze everyone else's living standards. With modest growth, energy use and greenhouse emissions are more than double by 2050.
　　No government will adopt rigid restrictions on economic growth and personal freedom (limits on electricity usage, driving and travel) that might cut back global warming. Still, politicians want to show they're "doing something." Consider the Kyoto Protocol (京都议定书). It allowed countries that joined to punish those that didn't. But it hasn't reduced CO2 emissions (up about 25% since 1990), and many signatories (签字国) didn't adopt tough enough policies to hit their 2008-2012 targets.
　　The practical conclusion is that if global warming is a potential disaster, the only solution is new technology. Only an aggressive research and development program might find ways of breaking our dependence on fossil fuels or dealing with it.
　　The trouble with the global warming debate is that it has become a moral problem when it's really an engineering one. The inconvenient truth is that if we don't solve the engineering problem, we're helpless.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
57.	What is said about global warming in the first paragraph?
A) It may not prove an environmental crisis at all.
B) It is an issue requiring worldwide commitments.
C) Serious steps have been taken to avoid or stop it.
D) Very little will be done to bring it under control.
58.	According to the author's understanding, what is Al Gore's view on global warming?
A) It is a reality both people and politicians are unaware of.
B) It is a phenomenon that causes us many inconveniences.
C) It is a problem that can be solved once it is recognized.
D) It is an area we actually have little knowledge about.
59.	Greenhouse emissions will more than double by 2050 because of 大 家 网.
A) economic growth
B) wasteful use of energy
C) the widening gap between the rich and poor
D) the rapid advances of science and technology
60.	The author believes that, since the signing of the Kyoto Protocol, 大 家 网.
A) politicians have started to do something to better the situation
B) few nations have adopted real tough measures to limit energy use
C) reductions in energy consumption have greatly cut back global warming
D) international cooperation has contributed to solving environmental problems
61.	What is the message the author intends to convey?
A) Global warming is more of a moral issue than a practical one.
B) The ultimate solution to global warming lies in new technology.
C) The debate over global warming will lead to technological breakthroughs.
D) People have to give up certain material comforts to stop global warming.
Passage Two
Questions 62 to 66 are based on the following passage.
　　Someday a stranger will read your e-mail without your permission or scan the Websites you've visited. Or perhaps someone will casually glance through your credit card purchases or cell phone bills to find out your shopping preferences or calling habits.
　　In fact, it's likely some of these things have already happened to you. Who would watch you without your permission? It might be a spouse, a girlfriend, a marketing company, a boss, a cop or a criminal. Whoever it is, they will see you in a way you never intended to be seen-the 21st century equivalent of being caught naked.
　　Psychologists tell us boundaries are healthy, that it's important to reveal yourself to friends, family and lovers in stages, at appropriate times. But few boundaries remain. The digital bread crumbs (碎屑) you leave everywhere make it easy for strangers to reconstruct who you are, where you are and what you like. In some cases, a simple Google search can reveal what you think. Like it or not, increasingly we live in a world where you simply cannot keep a secret.
　　The key question is: Does that matter?
　　For many Americans, the answer apparently is "no."
　　When opinion polls ask Americans about privacy, most say they are concerned about losing it. A survey found an overwhelming pessimism about privacy, with 60 percent of respondents saying they feel their privacy is "slipping away, and that bothers me."
　　But people say one thing and do another. Only a tiny fraction of Americans change any behaviors in an effort to preserve their privacy. Few people turn down a discount at tollbooths (收费站) to avoid using the EZ-Pass system that can track automobile movements, and few turn down supermarket loyalty cards. Privacy economist Alessandro Acquisti has run a series of tests that reveal people will surrender personal information like Social Security numbers just to get their hands on a pitiful 50-cents-off coupon (优惠券).
　　But privacy does matter-at least sometimes. It's like health: When you have it, you don't notice it. Only when it's gone do you wish you'd done more to protect it.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
62.	What does the author mean by saying "the 21st century equivalent of being caught naked" (Lines 3-4, Para. 2)?
A) People's personal information is easily accessed without their knowledge.
B) In the 21st century people try every means to look into others' secrets.
C) People tend to be more frank with each other in the information age.
D) Criminals are easily caught on the spot with advanced technology.
63.	What would psychologists advise on the relationships between friends?
A) Friends should open their hearts to each other.
B) Friends should always be faithful to each other.
C) There should be a distance even between friends.
D) There should be fewer disputes between friends.
64.	Why does the author say "we live in a world where you simply cannot keep a secret" (Line 5, Para. 3)?
A) Modern society has finally evolved into an open society.
B) People leave traces around when using modern technology.
C) There are always people who are curious about others' affairs.
D) Many search engines profit by revealing people's identities.
65.	What do most Americans do with regard to privacy protection?
A) They change behaviors that might disclose their identity.
B) They use various loyalty cards for business transactions.
C) They rely more and more on electronic devices.
D) They talk a lot but hardly do anything about it.
66.	According to the passage, privacy is like health in that 大 家 网.
A) people will make every effort to keep it
B) its importance is rarely understood
C) it is something that can easily be lost
D) people don't cherish it until they lose it
Part V	Cloze	(15 minutes)
Directions:	There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each blank there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D) on the right side of the paper. You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。

　　Universities are institutions that teach a wide variety of subjects at advanced levels. They also carry out research work aimed  extending man's knowledge of these subjects. The emphasis given to each of these functions  from university to university, according to the views of the people in  and according to the resources available. The smaller and newer universities do not  the staff or equipment to carry out the  research projects possible in larger institutions.  most experts agree that some research activity is  to keep the staff and their students in  with the latest developments in their subjects.
　　Most students attend a university mainly to  the knowledge needed for their chosen . Educationists believe that this aim should not be the  one. Universities have always aimed to produce men and women  judgment and wisdom as well as knowledge. For this reason, they  students to meet others with differing  and to read widely to  their understanding in many fields of study.  a secondary school course, a student should be interested enough in a subject to enjoy gaining knowledge for its own . He should be prepared to  sacrifices to study his chosen  in depth. He should have an ambition to make some  contribution to man's knowledge.


67.	A) at	C) to
　　B) by	D) in
68.	A) turns	C) moves
　　B) ranges	D) varies
69.	A) prospect	C) control
　　B) place	D) favor
70.	A) occupy	C) involve
　　B) possess	D) spare
71.	A) maximum	C) virtual
　　B) medium	D) vast
72.	A) But	C) While
　　B) As	D) For
73.	A) natural	C) functional
　　B) essential	D) optional
74.	A) coordination	C) touch
　　B) accordance	D) grasp
75.	A) acquire	C) endure
　　B) accept	D) ensure
76.	A) procession	C) possession
　　B) profession	D) preference
77.	A) typical	C) mere
　　B) true	D) only
78.	A) with	C) on
　　B) under	D) through
79.	A) prompt	C) encourage
　　B) provoke	D) anticipate
80.	A) histories	C) interests
　　B) expressions	D) curiosities
81.	A) broaden	C) enforce
　　B) lengthen	D) specify
82.	A) Amid	C) Over
　　B) After	D) Upon
83.	A) object	C) effect
　　B) course	D) sake
84.	A) take	C) suffer
　　B) make	D) pay
85.	A) field	C) target
　　B) scope	D) goal
86.	A) radical	C) meaningful
　　B) truthful	D) initial67. 与aim常搭配使用的介词为at，aim at意思为"目的在于，目的是"。
68. turn"变化，转变"，turn from university to university"从大学变为大学"，显然是不正确的；range"(范围) 涉及"，对这些功能的重视范围从大学到大学，这样的表达也是不正确的；move"移动"，显然不正确。只有vary最为准确，意思是"变化，有不同"，句意"对这些功能的重视个个大学是不同的......"
69. prospect"前景，景象"，in prospect"可以预料到(在望，有希望)"，在这里修饰前面的people不恰当；in place"在合适的位置"，in control"控制，管理"，in favour"支持，赞同"，后面要跟介词of，此处不选。虽然in place和in control都可以修饰前面的people，但结合前面的The emphasis given to each of these functions可知，只有大学的领导人才能给予这些功能不同的重视，因此选择control最为准确。
70. occupy"占据，占有"，possess"拥有，持有"，involve"包含，涉及"，spare"抽出（时间），宽恕，赦免"，空前的主语为"规模小、建校时间短的大学"，空后的宾语为"人员和设备"，选择possess最为准确。
71. maximum"最大（高）的，顶点的"，medium"中间的，中等的"，virtual"实质上的，实际上的"，vast"大量的，广阔的，巨大的"，根据后面的larger institutions可推断出相比与前面的smaller and newer universities，这些机构所进行的研究项目无论在规模上还是在数量上都是vast。
72. 该空后面句子的大体意思是说有必要获知所学科目最前沿的发展情况，空前的句子强调了规模小、建校时间短的大学在教员和设备上都匮乏，因此此处应该是转折的关系，选择But。
73. natural"自然的"，essential"必不可少的，本质的"，functional"功能的，实用的"，optional"可选择的，随意的"，根据该空所在句的句意"但是大多数专家都认为，为了使师生与他们所研究的科目的最新发展保持  74  ，一些研究活动是  73  。"对比四个选项，essential最为恰当。
74. in coordination with"与......合作"，in accordance with"按照，依照"，in touch with"保持联系，接触"，grasp"把握，抓住"，既可作名词也可作动词，没有in grasp with的表达方式。结合上体解析中该句的句意判断，选择touch最为准确，"与他们所研究的科目的最新发展保持联系"，就是说能及时地获知所研究科目的最新发展。
75. 四个选项中endure"忍耐，忍受"，ensure"确保，担保"这两个是较容易排除的，因为和后面的knowledge搭配不恰当；accept"接收"，指主动地接收某物或某种抽象的东西，此空要表达的意思是"获取知识"，通常情况下需用acquire，表示"学到，获取"，来与knowledge搭配，而不用accept。
76. procession"队伍，行列"，profession"职业，专业"，possession"拥有，占有"，preference"偏爱，偏好"，根据该句的句意"大多数学生上大学主要是为他们选择的    学习知识。"可指此空选择profession最为准确。
77. typical"典型的，特有的"，true"真正的，真实的"，mere"纯粹的，仅仅的"，only"唯一的"，根据78空后面的judgment and wisdom as well as knowledge可推断出教育工作者一定是认为获取知识不是上大学的唯一目的，所以选择only。
78. with"具有，跟，同"，under"在......之下"，on"在......上"，through"穿过，经过"，根据该句的句意"大学始终致力于培养    判断力、智慧和知识的男生和女生。"可知选择with最为恰当，指这些学生具有判断力、智慧和知识。
79. prompt"激起，促使"，多指某事或某物刺激某人去做某事，provoke"激怒，煽动"，encourage"鼓励，支持"，anticipate"期望，预期"，空前的they指的是universities（也可以理解为大学的教师），比较四个选项，encourage最为恰当。
80. histories"历史"，expressions"表情，表达"，interests"兴趣，爱好"，curiosity作可数名词时，意思是"珍品，古玩"，作不可数名词时，意为"好奇，好奇心"。根据该句的意思"大学鼓励学生和那些具有不同的    的人接触"可判断选择interests最为恰当。
81. broaden"拓宽，拓广"，lengthen"使变长，使延伸"，enforce"强迫，强制，加强"，specify"指定，阐述，详细说明"，该空所填动词的宾语为their understanding，从搭配上看broaden最为准确，可译为"加深理解"。
82.  空后的secondary school course指的是中学课程，空前的所有内容都是关于大学教育的，根据该空所在句的句意"    中学课程，一个学生应该对某一学科有足够的兴趣，以便乐于学习相关知识......"，根据前面的extending man's knowledge，broaden their understanding等可知只有大学才能真正做到这些，基于此我们可以推断出中学的课程在于激发学生兴趣，以便学生怀着浓烈的兴趣在大学中深挖自己所感兴趣的科目，因此选择after。
83. for one's own sake为固定表达，意为"为了自己的利益, 为了......的缘故"，空前的its指的是knowledge's，此处gaining knowledge for its own sake指为了知识而获取知识，就是说怀着浓厚的兴趣为了深入学习某一门知识而学习。object"物体，目的"，course"课程，线路"，effect"影响，作用"，注意这里的its指的是knowledge's，object、course、effect用在这里皆不恰当。
84. 此处考查了表示"做出牺牲做......"这一含义的短语，正确的应该是make sacrifices to do something，其他几个动词与sacrifices搭配不能表达此含义。
85. 根据前文中81空后的their understanding in many fields of study可推断此空选择field最为恰当，指研究、学习的领域，该句的study his chosen field in depth正好与前文的broaden their understanding in many fields of study相对应。其他词scope"范围"，target"目标，靶子"，goal"目标，球门"。
86. 四个词的意思分别为radical"根本的，激进的"，truthful"真实的，真正的"，meaningful"有意义的"，initial"最初的，开始的"，该句的意思为"他应该有志于对人类的知识做出    贡献。"比较四个选项meaningful最为恰当。





Part VI	Translation	(5 minutes)
Directions:	Complete the sentences by translating into English the Chinese given in brackets. Please write your translation on Answer Sheet 2.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答，只需写出译文部分。
87.	Our efforts will pay off if the results of this research 加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (能应用于新技术的开发).
88.	I can't boot my computer now. Something 加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (一定出了毛病) with its operation system.
89.	Leaving one's job, 加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (不管是什么工作), is a difficult change, even for those who look forward to retiring.
90.	加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (与我成长的地方相比), this town is more prosperous and exciting.
91.	加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (直到他完成使命) did he realize that he was seriously ill.

参考答案(2008年6月21日)
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
四级英语参考范文：
　　
Part II Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning) (15 minutes)

1.	A2.	D3.	B4.	C5.	A6.	B7.	C
8.	quite homogeneous, but small
9.	relationships with consumers
10.	the appropriate media
Part III Listening Comprehension (35 minutes)

11.	A12.	C13.	B14.	D15.	D16.	B17.	A18.	D19.	C20.	D21.	C22.	C23.	A24.	D25.	B26.	A27.	A28.	D29.	B30.	D31.	B32.	B33.	C34.	C35.	A
36.	labor/labour
37.	ingredients
38.	vital
39.	individual
40.	engage
41.	figures
42.	generating
43.	Currently
44.	will be making decisions in such areas as product development, quality control and customers' satisfaction
45.	to acquire new skills that will help you keep up with improved technologies and procedures
46.	Don't expect that the companies will provide you with clearly defined career path
Part IV Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth) (25 minutes)

47.	D48.	H49.	O50.	G51.	M52.	J53.	B54.	N55.	C56.	A
57.	D58.	C59.	A60.	B61.	B62.	A63.	C64.	B65.	D66.	D
Part V Cloze (15 minutes)

67.	A68.	D69.	C70.	B71.	D72.	A73.	B74.	C75.	A76.	B77.	D78.	A79.	C80.	C81.	A82.	A83.	D84.	B85.	A86.	C
Part VI Translation (5 minutes)
87.	can be applied to the development of the new technology
88.	must have gone wrong
89.	no matter what/whatever it could be/is
90.	Compared to/with the place where I grew up
91.	Not until he had completed his mission

听力原文(2008年6月21日)
Section A
Short Conversation
11.	M: Today is a bad day for me. I fell off a step and twisted my ankle.
W: Don't worry, usually ankle injuries heal quickly if you stop regular activities for a while.
　　Q: What does the woman suggest the man do?
12.	W: May I see you ticket, please? I think you're sitting in my seat.
M: Oh, you're right. My seat is in the balcony. I'm terribly sorry.
Q: Where does conversation most probably take place?
13.	W: Do you hear Mr. Smith die in his sleep last night?
M: Yes, it's very sad. Please let everybody know that whoever wants to may attend the funeral.
Q: What are the speakers talking about?
14.	M: Have you taken Professor Yang's exam before? I'm kind of nervous.
W: Yes. Just concentrate on the important ideas she's talked about in the class and ignore the details.
Q: How does the women suggest the man prepare for Professor Yang's exam?
15.	W: I'm so sorry sir, and you'll let me pay to have your jacket cleaned, won't you?
M: That's all right. It could happen to anyone, and I'm sure that coffee doesn't leave lasting marks on clothing.
Q: What can we infer from the conversation?
16.	W: Have you seen the movie The Departed? The plot was so complicated that I really got lost.
M: Yeah, I felt the same, but after I saw it a second time, I could put all the pieces together.
Q: How did the two speakers find the movie?
17.	M: I'm really surprised you got an A on the test; you didn't seem to have done a lot of reading.
W: Now you know why I never missed the lecture.
Q: What contributes to the woman's high score?
18.	W: Have you heard about the new digital television system? It lets people get about 500 channels.
M: Yeah. But I doubt they'll have anything different from what we watch now.
Q: What does the man mean?
Long conversation
Conversation One
W: Gosh! Have you seen this, Richard?
M: See what?
W: In the paper. It says, there is a man going around pretending he's from the electricity board. He's been calling at people's homes, saying he is coming to check that all their appliances are safe. Then he gets around them to make him a cup of tea, and while they are out of the room he steals their money, handbag whatever and makes off with it.
M: But you know, Jane, it's partly their own fault. You should never let anyone like that in unless you're expecting them.
W: It's all very well to say that. But someone comes to the door, and says electricity or gas and you automatically think they are OK, especially if they flash a card to you
M: Does this man have an ID then?
W: Yes, that's just it. It seems he used to work for the electricity board at one time. According to the paper the police are warning people especially pensioners not to admit anyone unless they have an appointment. It's a bit sad. One old lady told them she'd just been to the post-office to draw her pension when he called. She said he must have followed her home. He stole the whole lot.
M: But what does he look like? Surely they must have a description.
W: Oh, yes they have. Let's see, in his thirties, tall, bushy dark hair, slight northern accent, sounds a bit like you actually.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the passage you have just heard.
19.	What does the woman want the man to read in the newspaper?
20.	How did the man mention in the newspaper try to win further trust from the victims?
21.	What is the warning from the police?
22.	What does the woman speaker tell us about the old lady?
Conversation Two
M: Miss Jones, could you tell me more about your first job with hotel marketing concept?
W: Yes, certainly. I was a marketing consultant responsible for marketing 10 UK hotels. They were all luxury hotels in a leisure sector, all of a very high standard.
M: Which markets were you responsible for?
W: For Europe and Japan.
M: I see from your resume that you speak Japanese. Have you ever been to Japan?
W: Yes, I have, I spent months in Japan 2006. I met all the key people in the tourist industry, the big tour operators and the tourist organizations. As I speak Japanese I had a very big advantage.
M: Yes, of course. Have you had any contact with Japan in your present job?
W: Yes, I've had a lot. The truth is I have become very popular with the Japanese, both for holidays and for business conferences. In fact, the market for all types of luxury holidays for the Japanese has increased a lot recently.
M: Really, I'm interested to hear more about that, but first tell me have you ever traveled on the luxury train, the Orient Express, for example?
W: No, I haven't. But I've traveled on the Glacial Express through Switzerland and I traveled across China by train about 8 years ago. I love train travel. That's why I'm very interested in this job.
23.	What did the woman do in her first job?
24.	What give the woman an advantage during her business trip in Japan?
25.	Why is the woman applying for the new job?
Passage 1
　　Time! I think a lot about time and not just because it's the name of the news organization I work for. Like most working people, I find time, or the lack of it, a never-ending frustration and an unwinnable battle. My every day is a race against the clock that I never ever seem to win. This is hardly a lonesome complaint. According to the families and work institutes, national study of the changing workforce, 55 percent of employees say they don't have enough time for themselves, 63 percent don't have enough time for their spouses or partners, and 67 percent don't have enough time for their children. It's also not a new complaint. I bet our ancestors returned home from hunting wild animals and gathering nuts and complained about how little time they had to paint battle scenes on their cave walls. The difference is that the boss of animal hunting and the head of nut gathering probably told them to shut up or no survival for you. Today's workers are still demanding control over their time. The difference is today's bosses are listening. I've been reading a report issued today called "when work works" produced jointly by three organizations. They set up to find and warn the employers who employ the most creative and most effective ways to give their workers flexibility. I found this report worth reading and suggest every boss should read it for ideas.
Questions 26 to 28 are based on the passage you have just heard.
26.	What is the speaker complaining about?
27.	What does the speaker say about our ancestors?
28.	Why does the speaker suggest all bosses read the report by the three organizations?
Passage 2
　　Loving a child is a circular business. The more you give, the more you get, the more you want to give, Penalapy Leach once said. What she said proves to be true of my blended family. I was born in 1931. As the youngest of six children, I learned to share my parents' love. Raising six children during the difficult times of the Great Depression took its toll on my parents' relationship and resulted in their divorce when I was 18 years old. Daddy never had very close relationships with his children and drifted even farther away from us after the divorce. Several years later, a wonderful woman came into his life and they were married. She had two sons, one of them still at home. Under her influence, we became a blended family and a good relationship developed between the two families. She always treated us as if we were her own children. It was because of our other mother - Daddy's second wife - that he became closer to his own children. They shared over 25 years together before our father passed away. At the time of his death, the question came up of my mother - Daddy's first wife - attending his funeral. I will never forget the unconditional love shown by my step mother. When I asked her if she would object to mother attending Daddy's funeral, without giving it a second thought, she immediately replied. "Of course not, honey. She is the mother of my children."
Questions 29 to 31 are based on the passage you have just heard.
29.	According to the speaker, what contributed to her parents' divorce?
30.	What brought the father closer to his own children?
31.	What message does the speaker want to convey in this talk?
Passage 3
　　In February last year, my wife lost her job. Just as suddenly, the owner of the Green House where I worked as manager died of a heart attack. His family announced that they were going to close the business because no one in the family wanted to run it. Things looked pretty gloomy. My wife and I read the want ads each day. Then one morning, as I was hanging a "going out of business" sign at the green house, the door opened, and in walked a customer. She was an office manager whose company had just moved into the new office park on the edge of the town. She was looking for potted plants to place in the reception areas in offices. "I don't know anything about plants", she said, "I am sure in a few weeks, they'll all be dead." While I was helping her select her purchases, my mind was racing. Perhaps as many as a dozen firms that recently opened offices in the new office park and there were several hundred more acres with construction under way. That afternoon, I drove up to the office park. By 6 o'clock that evening, I had signed contacts with 7 companies to rent plants from me and pay me a fee to maintain them. Within a week, I had worked down to an agreement to lease the Green House from the owner's family. Business is now increasing rapidly, and one day we hope to be the proud owners of the Green House.
Questions 32 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
32.	What do we learn about the green house?
33.	What was the speaker doing when the customer walked in one morning?
34.	What did the speaker think of when serving the office manager?
35.	What was the speaker's hope for the future?
Section C
Compound Dictation
　　We are now witnessing the emergence of an advanced economy based on information and knowledge. Physical labor, raw materials, and capital are no longer the key ingredients in the creation of wealth. Now the vital raw material in our economy is knowledge. Tomorrow's wealth depends on the development and exchange of knowledge, and individuals entering the workforce offer their knowledge not their muscles. Knowledge workers get paid for their education and their ability to learn. Knowledge workers engage in mind work. They deal with symbols, words, figures, and data. What does all this mean for you? As a future knowledge worker, you can expect to be generating, processing as well as exchanging information. Currently three out of four jobs involve some form of mind work, and that number will increase sharply in the future. Management and employees alike will be making decisions in such areas as product development, quality control, and customer satisfaction. In the new world of work, you can look forward to be in constant training to acquire new skills that will help you keep up with improved technologies and procedures. You can also expect to be taking greater control of your career. Gone are the nine-to-five jobs, life-time security, predictable promotions and even a conventional workplace as you are familiar with. Don't expect the companies to provide you with a clearly-defined career path and don't wait for someone to empower you. You have to empower yourself.



大家版收藏级大学英语四六级真题大全	大家学习网

www.TopSage.com	2008年6月21日大学英语四级考试(CET-4)A卷

58	

	10




大家版收藏级大学英语四六级真题大全	大家学习网

www.TopSage.com	2008年6月21日大学英语四级考试(CET-4)A卷

60	

	21




