
2008年12月20日大学英语四级考试(CET-4)
全真试题(2008年12月20日)
Part I	Writing	(30 minutes)
注意：此部分试题在答题卡1上。
Directions:	For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the topic of Limiting The Use of Disposable Plastic Bags. You should write at least 120 words following the outline given below:
1. 一次性塑料袋曾被广泛的使用
2. 造成的问题
3. 限制使用的意义
Limiting The Use of Disposable Plastic Bags
亲爱的站长您好：夜很深了，已凌晨2点40分了，这么晚给您写信，是想跟您聊一下尊重劳动尊重版权的问题。本四六级大全，出第一版之时，我们是以WORD文档发布的，这主要是考虑到您引用方便，网友使用也方便。可是令我们感到沮丧的是，少数网站站长，对别人的劳动似乎不够尊重，把我们WORD文档的页眉页脚，以及文档的使用说明，清除得干干净净；还有的站长，技术水平更高一些，更勤劳一些，把我们的WORD文档转为PDF文档，并且，还给PDF文档加上密，去掉我们的标识及使用说明仍不甘罢休，还英明地加上了自己网站的标识；还有的制作CHM文档的技术水平比较高，给做成了这个格式的文档。如此种种情况，实在让您受累了啊！所以，这次文档发布，只好用PDF格式发布文档了。这下您改文件的特长又可以发挥了啊，改文件的技术水平又可以长足提高了！六年前，本人制作的GMAT四部大全，在全世界流传至今，仍是原封不动的初始版本，可能世界其他国家的站长都不如我们伟大中国的站长水平高，考虑问题周全吧！为什么麦当劳在中国的餐巾纸是限量供应的，而在美国不限量？我想我们自己所处的环境，至少部分是我们自己创造的。您难道要执意为自己创造一个找不到好资源的环境么？难道执意要逼我用图片格式发布下一个版本么？难道我近千小时的辛苦劳动及直接从口袋里拿出的近万元现金投入换不来您慷慨地原样转载么？您难道不知道，篡改别人的作品，是一种什么行为么？不知道这种行为对您网站的形象是一种严重的伤害么？很多热心的网友来向我反映，某某网站篡改你的作品了，这种行为实在无耻，你去找他吧！这些我都没好意思跟您汇报。当然，大部分站长或版主对版权尊重做得很好！我们深表感谢！并向你们致以最崇高的敬意！大家学习网／大家网／大家论坛：阁明俊敬上
Part II	Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)	(15 minutes)
Directions:	In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passage quickly and answer the questions on Answer Sheet 1. For questions 1-7, choose the best answer from the four choices marked A),B),C) and D). For questions 8-10, complete the sentences with the information given in the passage.
That's enough, kids
　　It was a lovely day at the park and Stella Bianchi was enjoying the sunshine with her two children when a young boy, aged about four, approached her two-year-old son and pushed him to the ground.
　　"I'd watched him for a little while and my son was the fourth or fifth child he'd shoved," she says. "I went over to them, picked up my son, turned to the boy and said, firmly, 'No, we don't push.'" What happened next was unexpected.
　　"The boy's mother ran toward me from across the park," Stella says, "I thought she was coming over to apologise, but behavior was unacceptable. Was I supposed to sit back while her kid did whatever he wanted, hurting other children in the process?"
　　Getting your own children to play nice is difficult enough. Dealing with other people's children has become a minefield.
　　In my house, jumping on the sofa is not allowed. In my sister's house it's encouraged. For her, it's about kids being kids: "If you can't do it at three, when can you do it?''
　　Each of these philosophies is valid and, it has to be said, my son loves visiting his aunt's house. But I find myself saying "no" a lot when her kids are over at mine. That's OK between sisters but becomes dangerous territory when you're talking to the children of friends or acquaintances.
　　"Kids aren't all raised the same," agrees Professor Naomi White of Monash University. "But there's still an idea that they're the property of the parents. We see our children as an extension of ourselves, so if you're saying that my child is behaving inappropriately, then that's somehow a criticism of me."
　　In those circumstances, it's difficult to know whether to approach the child directly or the parent first. There are two schools of thought.
　　"I'd go to the child first," says Andrew Fuller, author of Tricky Kids. "Usually a quiet reminder that 'we don't do that here' is enough. Kids have finely tuned antennae (直觉) for how to behave in different settings."
　　He points out that bringing it up with the parent first may make them feel neglectful, which could cause problems. Of course, approaching the child first can bring its own headaches, too.
　　This is why White recommends that you approach the parents first. "Raise your concerns with the parents if they're there and ask them to deal with it," she says.
　　How to approach a parent in this situation, psychologist Meredith Fuller answers "Explain your needs as well as stressing the importance of the friendship. Preface your remarks with something like: 'I know you'll think I'm silly but in my house I don't want...'"
　　When it comes to situations where you're caring for another child, White is straightforward: "Common sense must prevail. If things don't go well then have a chat."
　　There're a couple of new grey areas. Physical punishment, once accepted from any adult, is no longer appropriate. "Now you can't do it without feeling uneasy about it," White says.
　　Men might also feel uneasy about dealing with other people's children. "Men feel nervous," White says. "A new set of considerations has come to the fore as part of the debate about how we handle children."
　　For Andrew Fuller, the child-centric nature of our society has affected everyone. "The rules are different now from when today's parents were growing up," he says. "Adults are scared of saying, 'Don't swear', or asking a child to stand up on a bus. They're worried that there will be conflict if they point these things out-either from older children, or their parents."
　　He sees it as a loss of the sense of common public good and public courtesy (礼貌), and says that adults suffer from it as much as children.
　　Meredith Fuller agrees. "A code of conduct is hard to create when you're living in a world in which everyone is exhausted from overwork and lack of sleep, and a world in which nice people are perceived to finish last."
　　"It's about what I'm doing and what I need," Andrew Fuller says. "The days when a kid came home from school and said, 'I got into trouble', and dad said, 'You probably deserved it', are over. Now the parents are charging up to the school to have a go at teachers."
　　This jumping to our children's defence is part of what fuels the "walking on eggshells" feeling that surrounds our dealings with other people's children. You know that if you remonstrate (劝诫) with the child, you're going to have to deal with the parent. It's admirable to be protective of our kids, but is it good?
　　"Children have to learn to negotiate the world on their own, within reasonable boundaries," White says. "I suspect that it's only certain sectors of the population doing the running to the school-better-educated parents are probably more likely to be too involved."
　　White believes our notions of a more child-centred society should be challenged. "Today we have a situation where, in many families, both parents work, so the amount of time children get from parents has diminished," she says.
　　"Also, sometimes when we talk about being child-centred, it's way of a talking about treating our children like commodities (商品). We're centred on them but in ways that reflect positively on us. We treat them as objects whose appearance and achievements are something we can be proud of, rather than serve the best interests of the children."
　　One way over-worked, under-resourced parents show commitment to their children is to leap to their defence. Back at the park, Bianchi's intervention (干预) on her son's behalf ended in an undignified exchange of insulting words with the other boy's mother.
　　As Bianchi approached the park bench where she'd been sitting, other mums came up to her and congratulated her on taking a stand. "Apparently the boy had a longstanding reputation for had behavior and his mum for even worse behavior if he was challenged."
　　Andrew Fuller doesn't believe that we should be afraid of dealing with other people's kids. "Look at kids that aren't your own as a potential minefield," he says. He recommends that we don't stay silent over inappropriate behavior, particularly with regular visitor.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
1.	What did Stella Bianchi expect the young boy's mother to do when she talked to him?
A) Make an apology.
B) Come over to intervene.
C) Discipline her own boy.
D) Take her own boy away.
2.	What does the author say about dealing with other people's children?
A) It's important not to hurt them in any way.
B) It's no use trying to stop their wrongdoing.
C) It's advisable to treat them as one's own kids.
D) It's possible for one to get into lots of trouble.
3.	According to Professor Naomi White of Monash University, when one's kids are criticised, their parents will probably feel 大 家 网.
A) discouraged
B) hurt
C) puzzled
D) overwhelmed
4.	What should one do when seeing other people's kids misbehave according to Andrew Fuller?
A) Talk to them directly in a mild way.
B) Complain to their parents politely.
C) Simply leave them alone.
D) Punish them lightly.
5.	Due to the child-centric nature of our society, 大 家 网.
A) parents are worried when their kids swear at them
B) people think it improper to criticise kids in public
C) people are reluctant to point out kids' wrongdoings
D) many conflicts arise between parents and their kids
6.	In a world where everyone is exhausted from overwork and lack of sleep, 大 家 网.
A) it's easy for people to become impatient
B) it's difficult to create a code of conduct
C) it's important to be friendly to everybody
D) it's hard for people to admire each other
7.	How did people use to respond when their kids got into trouble at school?
A) They'd question the teachers.
B) They'd charge up to the school.
C) They'd tell the kids to calm down.
D) They'd put the blame on their kids.
8.	Professor White believes that the notions of a more child-centred society should be 大 家 网.
9.	According to Professor White, today's parents treat their children as something the 大 家 网.
10.	Andrew Fuller suggests that, when kids behave inappropriately, people should not 大 家 网.
Part III	Listening Comprehension	(35 minutes)
Section A
Directions:	In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
11.	A) Only true friendship can last long.
B) Letter writing is going out of style.
C) She keeps in regular touch with her classmates.
D) She has lost contact with most of her old friends.
12.	A) A painter.
B) A mechanic.
C) A porter.
D) A carpenter.
13.	A) Look for a place near her office.
B) Find a new job down the street.
C) Make inquires elsewhere.
D) Rent the $600 apartment.
14.	A) He prefers to wear jeans with a larger waist.
B) He has been extremely busy recently.
C) He has gained some weight lately.
D) He enjoyed going shopping with Jane yesterday.
15.	A) The woman possesses a natural talent for art.
B) Women have a better artistic taste than men.
C) He isn't good at abstract thinking.
D) He doesn't like abstract paintings.
16.	A) She couldn't have left her notebook in the library.
B) She may have put her notebook amid the journals.
C) She should have made careful notes while doing reading.
D) She shouldn't have read his notes without his knowing it.
17.	A) She wants to get some sleep.
B) She needs time to write a paper.
C) She has a literature class to attend.
D) She is troubled by her sleep problem.
18.	A) He is confident he will get the job.
B) His chance of getting the job is slim.
C) It isn't easy to find a qualified sales manager.
D) The interview didn't go as well as he expected.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
19.	A) He can manage his time more flexibly.
B) He can renew contact with his old friends.
C) He can concentrate on his own projects.
D) He can learn to do administrative work.
20.	A) Reading its ads in the newspapers.
B) Calling its personnel department.
C) Contacting its manager.
D) Searching its website.
21.	A) To cut down its production expenses.
B) To solve the problem of staff shortage.
C) To improve its administrative efficiency.
D) To utilize its retired employees' resources.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
22.	A) Buy a tractor.
B) Fix a house.
C) See a piece of property.
D) Sign a business contract.
23.	A) It is only forty miles from where they live.
B) It is a small one with a two-bedroom house.
C) It was bought at a price lower than expected.
D) It has a large garden with fresh vegetables.
24.	A) Growing potatoes will involve less labor.
B) Its soil may not be very suitable for corn.
C) It may not be big enough for raising corn.
D) Raising potatoes will be more profitable.
25.	A) Finances.
B) Labor.
C) Equipment.
D) Profits.
Section B
Directions:	In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
Passage One
Questions 26 to 29 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
26.	A) To introduce the chief of the city's police force.
B) To comment on a talk by a distinguished guest.
C) To address the issue of community security.
D) To explain the functions of the city council.
27.	A) He has distinguished himself in city management.
B) He is head of the International Police Force.
C) He completed his higher education abroad.
D) He holds a master's degree in criminology.
28.	A) To coordinate work among police departments.
B) To get police officers closer to the local people.
C) To help the residents in times of emergency.
D) To enable the police to take prompt action.
29.	A) Popular.
B) Discouraging.
C) Effective.
D) Controversial.
Passage Two
Questions 30 to 32 are based on the passage you have just heard.
30.	A) People differ greatly in their ability to communicate.
B) There are numerous languages in existence.
C) Most public languages are inherently vague.
D) Big gaps exist between private and public languages.
31.	A) It is a sign of human intelligence.
B) It improves with constant practice.
C) It is something we are born with.
D) It varies from person to person.
32.	A) How private languages are developed.
B) How different languages are related.
C) How people create their languages.
D) How children learn to use language.
Passage Three
Questions 33 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
33.	A) She was a tailor.
B) She was an engineer.
C) She was an educator.
D) She was a public speaker.
34.	A) Basing them on science-fiction movies.
B) Including interesting examples in them.
C) Adjusting them to different audiences.
D) Focusing on the latest progress in space science.
35.	A) Whether spacemen carry weapons.
B) How spacesuits protect spacemen.
C) How NASA trains its spacemen.
D) What spacemen eat and drink.
Section C
Directions:	In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks, you can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　Crime is increasing worldwide. There is every reason to believe the (36) 大 家 网will continue through the next few decades.
　　Crime rates have always been high in multicultural, industrialized societies such as the United States, but a new (37) 大 家 网has appeared on the world (38) 大 家 网-rapidly rising crime rates in nations that previously reported few (39) 大 家 网. Street crimes such as robbery, rape, (40) 大 家 网, and auto theft are clearly rising, (41) 大 家 网in eastern European countries such as Hungary and in western European nations such as the United Kingdom.
　　What is driving this crime (42) 大 家 网? There are no simple answers. Still, there are certain conditions (43) 大 家 网with rising crime: increasing heterogeneity (混杂) of populations, greater cultural pluralism, higher immigration, democratization of governments, (44) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家.
　　These conditions are increasingly observable around the world. For instance, cultures that were previously isolated and homogeneous (同种类的) ,such as Japan, Denmark, and Greece, (45) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家.
　　Multiculturalism can be a rewarding, enriching experience, but it can also lead to a clash of values. Heterogeneity in societies will be the rule in the twenty-first century, and (46) 大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家学习网大家网出品大家.
Part IV	Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth)	(25 minutes)
Section A
Directions:	In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Questions 47 to 56 are based on the following passage.
　　A bookless life is an incomplete life. Books influence the depth and breadth of life. They meet the natural  for freedom, for expression, for creativity and beauty of life. Learners, therefore, must have books, and the right type of book, for the satisfaction of their need. Readers turn  to books because their curiosity concerning all manners of things, their eagerness to share in the experiences of others and their need to  from their own limited environment lead them to find in books food for the mind and the spirit. Through their reading they find a deeper significance to life as books acquaint them with life in the world as it was and it is now. They are presented with a  of human experiences and come to  other ways of thought and living. And while  their own relationships and responses to life, the readers often find that the  in their stories are going through similar adjustments, which help to clarify and give significances to their own.
　　Books provide  material for readers' imagination to grow. Imagination is a valuable quality and a motivating power, and stimulates achievement. While enriching their imagination, books  their outlook, develop a fact-finding attitude and train them to use leisure . The social and educational significance of the readers' book cannot be overestimated in and academic library.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。

A)	abundantI)	establishingB)	charactersJ)	narrowC)	communicatingK)	naturallyD)	completelyL)	personnelE)	deriveM)	properlyF)	desireN)	respectG)	diversityO)	widenH)	escape
Section B
Directions:	There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 57 to 61 are based on the following passage.
　　If you're a male and you're reading this, congratulations: you're a survivor. According to statistics, you're more than twice as likely to die of skin cancer than a woman, than nine times more likely to die of AIDS. Assuming you make it to the end of your natural term, about 78 years for men in Australia, you'll die on average five years before a woman.
　　There're many reasons for this-typically, men take more risks than women and are more likely to drink and smoke-but perhaps more importantly, men don't go to the doctor.
　　"Men aren't seeing doctors as often as they should," says Dr. Gullotta. "This is particularly so for the over-40s, when diseases tend to strike."
　　Gullotta says a healthy man should visit the doctor every year or two. For those over45, it should be at least once a year.
　　Two months ago Gullotta saw a 50-year-old man who had delayed doing anything about his smoker's cough for a year.
　　"When I finally saw him it had already spread and he has since died from lung cancer," he says. "Earlier detection and treatment may not have cured him, but it would have prolonged (延长) his life."
　　According to a recent survey, 95%of women aged between 15and early 40s see a doctor once a year, compared to 70% of men in the same age group.
　　"A lot of men think they're invincible (不可战胜的)," Gullotta says. "They only come in when a friend drops dead on the golf course and they think, 'Geez, if it could happen to him, ...'"
　　Then there's the ostrich approach. "Some men are scared of what might be there and would rather not know," says Dr, Ross Cartmill.
　　"Most men get their cars serviced more regularly than they service their bodies," Cartmill says. He believes most diseases that commonly affect men could be addressed by preventive check-ups.
　　Regular check-ups for men would inevitable place strain on the public purse, Cartmill says. "But prevention is cheaper in the long run than having to treat the diseases. Besides, the ultimate cost far greater; it's called premature death."
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
57.	Why does the author congratulate his male readers at the beginning of the passage?
A) They are more likely to survive serious diseases today.
B) Their average life span has been considerably extended.
C) They have lived long enough to read this article.
D) They are sure to enjoy a longer and happier life.
58.	What does the author state is the most important reason men die five years earlier on average than women?
A) Men drink and smoke much more than women.
B) Men don't seek medical care as often as women
C) Men aren't as cautious as women in face of danger.
D) Men are more likely to suffer from fatal diseases.
59.	Which of the following best completes the sentence "Geez, if it could happen to him, ..." (Line2, Para. 8)?
A) it could happen to me, too
B) I should avoid playing golf
C) I should consider myself lucky
D) it would be a big misfortune
60.	What does Dr. Ross Cartmill mean by "the ostrich approach" (Line 1, Para. 9)
A) A casual attitude towards one's health conditions.
B) A new therapy for certain psychological problems.
C) Refusal to get medical treatment for fear of the pain involved.
D) Unwillingness to find out about one's disease because of fear.
61.	What does Cartmill say about regular check-ups for men?
A) They may increase public expenses.
B) They will save money in the long run.
C) They may cause psychological strains on men.
D) They will enable men to live as long as women.
Passage Two
Questions 62 to 66 are based on the following passage.
　　High-quality customer service is preached (宣扬) by many, but actually keeping customers happy is easier said than done.
　　Shoppers seldom complain to the manager or owner of a retail store, but instead will alert their friends, relatives, co-workers, strangers-and anyone who will listen.
　　Store managers are often the last to hear complaints, and often find out only when their regular customers decide to frequent their competitors, according to a study jointly conducted by Verde Group and Wharton School.
　　"Storytelling hurts retailers and entertains consumers," said Paula Courtney, President of the Verde Group. "The store loses the customer, but the shopper must also find a replacement."
　　On average, every unhappy customer will complain to at least four others, and will no longer visit the specific store. For every dissatisfied customer, a store will lose up to three more due to negative review. The resulting "snowball effect" can be disastrous to retailers.
　　According to the research, shoppers who purchased clothing encountered the most problems. Ranked second and third were grocery and electronics customers.
　　The most common complaints include filled parking lots, cluttered (塞满了的) shelves, overloaded racks, out-of-stock items, long check-out lines, and rude salespeople.
　　During peak shopping hours, some retailers solved parking problems by getting moonlighting (业余兼职的) local police to work as parking attendants. Some hired flag wavers to direct customers to empty parking spaces. This guidance eliminated the need for customers to circle the parking lot endlessly, and avoided confrontation between those eyeing the same parking space.
　　Retailers can relieve the headaches by redesigning store layouts, pre-stocking sales items, hiring speedy and experienced cashiers, and having sales representatives on hand to answer questions.
　　Most importantly, salespeople should be diplomatic and polite with angry customers.
　　"Retailers who're responsive and friendly are more likely to smooth over issues than those who aren't so friendly," said Professor Stephen Hoch. "Maybe something as simple as a greeter at the store entrance would help."
　　Customers can also improve future shopping experiences by filing complaints to the retailer, instead of complaining to the rest of the world. Retailers are hard-pressed to improve when they have no idea what is wrong.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
62.	Why are store managers often the last to hear complaints?
A) Most customers won't bother to complain even if they have had unhappy experiences.
B) Customers would rather relate their unhappy experiences to people around them.
C) Few customers believe the service will be improved.
D) Customers have no easy access to store managers.
63.	What does Paula Courtney imply by saying "... the shopper must also find a replacement" (Line 2, Para. 4)
A) New customers are bound to replace old ones.
B) It is not likely the shopper can find the same products in other stores.
C) Most stores provide the same kind of service.
D) Not complaining to manager causes the shopper some trouble too.
64.	Shop owners often hire moonlighting police as parking attendants so that shoppers 大 家 网.
A) can stay longer browsing in the store
B) won't have trouble parking their cars
C) won't have any worrier about security
D) can find their cars easily after shopping
65.	What contributes most to smoothing over issues with customers?
A) Manners of the salespeople.
B) Hiring of efficient employees
C) Huge supply of goods for sale.
D) Design of store layout.
66.	To achieve better shopping experiences, customers are advised to 大 家 网.
A) exert pressure on stores to improve their service
B) settle their disputes with stores in a diplomatic way
C) voice their dissatisfaction to store managers directly
D) shop around and make comparisons between stores
Part V	Cloze	(15 minutes)
Directions:	There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each blank there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D) on the right side of the paper. You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。

　　Playing organized sports is such a common experience in the United States that many children and teenagers take them for granted. This is especially true  children from families and communities that have the resources needed to organize and  sports programs and make sure that there is easy  to participation opportunities. Children in low-income families and poor communities are  likely to take organized youth sports for granted because they often  the resources needed to pay for participation  equipment, and transportation to practices and games  their communities do not have resources to build and  sports fields and facilities.
　　Organized youth sports  appeared during the early 20th century in the United States and other wealthy nations. They were originally developed  some educators and developmental experts  that the behavior and character of children were  influenced by their social surroundings and everyday experiences. This  many people to believe that if you could organize the experiences of children in  ways, you could influence the kinds of adults that those children would become.
　　This belief that the social  influenced a person's overall development was very  to people interested in progress and reform in the United States  the beginning of the 20th century. It caused them to think about  they might control the experiences of children to  responsible and productive adults. They believed strongly that democracy depended on responsibility and that a  capitalist economy depended on the productivity of workers.


67.	A) among	C) on
　　B) within	D) towards
68.	A) spread	C) spur
　　B) speed	D) sponsor
69.	A) access	C) chance
　　B) entrance	D) route
70.	A) little	C) more
　　B) less	D) much
71.	A) shrink	C) limit
　　B) tighten	D) lack
72.	A) bill	C) fees
　　B) accounts	D) fare
73.	A) so	C) and
　　B) as	D) but
74.	A) maintain	C) sustain
　　B) contain	D) entertain
75.	A) last	C) later
　　B) first	D) finally
76.	A) before	C) until
　　B) while	D) when
77.	A) realized	C) expected
　　B) recalled	D) exhibited
78.	A) specifically	C) strongly
　　B) excessively	D) exactly
79.	A) moved	C) put
　　B) conducted	D) led
80.	A) precise	C) particular
　　B) precious	D) peculiar
81.	A) engagement	C) state
　　B) environment	D) status
82.	A) for	C) over
　　B) with	D) at
83.	A) for	C) over
　　B) with	D) at
84.	A) what	C) whatever
　　B) how	D) however
85.	A) multiply	C) produce
　　B) manufacture	D) provide
86.	A) growing	C) raising
　　B) breeding	D) flying
Part VI	Translation	(5 minutes)
Directions:	Complete the sentences by translating into English the Chinese given in brackets. Please write your translation on Answer Sheet 2.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答，只需写出译文部分。
87.	Medical researchers are painfully aware that there are many problems 加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (他们至今还没有答案).
88.	加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (大多数父母所关心的) is providing the best education possible for their children.
89.	You'd better take a sweater with you 加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (以防天气变冷).
90.	Through the project, many people have received training and 加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (决定自己创业).
91.	The anti-virus agent was not known加入大家网学习成绩更理想 (直到一名医生偶然发现了它).

参考答案(2008年12月20日)
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
四级英语参考范文：
　　
Part II Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning) (15 minutes)

1.	A2.	D3.	B4.	A5.	C6.	B7.	D
8.	challenged
9.	can be proud of
10.	stay silent
Part III Listening Comprehension (35 minutes)

11.	D12.	A13.	C14.	C15.	D16.	B17.	A18.	B19.	A20.	D21.	D22.	C23.	B24.	C25.	A26.	A27.	D28.	B29.	C30.	B31.	C32.	D33.	B34.	C35.	A
36.	trend
37.	phenomenon
38.	scene
39.	offences
40.	murder
41.	particularly
42.	explosion
43.	associated
44.	changing national boarders, greater economic growth and the lack of accepted social ideas of right and wrong
45.	are now facing the sort of cultural variety that has been accompanied Americans for most of its history
46.	failure to recognize and plan for diversity can lead to serious crime problems
Part IV Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth) (25 minutes)

47.	F48.	K49.	H50.	G51.	N52.	I53.	B54.	A55.	O56.	M
57.	A58.	B59.	A60.	D61.	B62.	B63.	D64.	B65.	A66.	C
Part V Cloze (15 minutes)

67.	A68.	D69.	A70.	B71.	D72.	C73.	C74.	A75.	B76.	D77.	A78.	C79.	D80.	C81.	B82.	A83.	D84.	B85.	C86.	A
Part VI Translation (5 minutes)
87.	to which they haven't found any solutions so far
88.	What most parents are concerned about
89.	in case it (should) turn cold
90.	decided to set up their own business
91.	until a doctor discovered it by chance

听力原文(2008年12月20日)
Short Conversations
11.	M: I just received an Email from one of my former classmates. I was surprised. I hadn't heard from him for ages.
W: Well, I've been out of touch with most of my old friends. Only one or two still drop me a line occasionally.
Q: What does the woman mean?
12.	M: If you can make up your mind about the color, I can start on the outside of your house early next week.
W: Well, right now I think I want white for the window frames and yellow for the walls, but I'll let you know tomorrow.
Q: Who is the woman talking to?
13.	W: Excuse me, do you have any apartments available for under 500 dollars a month? I need to move in next week when my new job starts.
M: The only vacant one I have is 600 dollars. Have you inquired at the apartment complex down the street?
Q: What does the man suggest the woman do?
14.	W: You bought a pair of jeans yesterday, didn't you? What are they like?
M: Oh, they are pretty much like my other ones, except with a larger waist. I guess I haven't spent much time exercising lately.
Q: What can we infer from the conversation about the man?
15.	W: I really like those abstract paintings we saw yesterday. What do you think?
M: I guess it's something I haven't acquired a taste for yet.
Q: What does the man imply?
16.	W: You haven't seen a blue notebook, have you? I hope I didn't leave it in the reading room.
M: Did you check that pile of journals you've borrowed from the library the other day?
Q: What is the man trying to say to the woman?
17.	M: How about joining me for a cup of coffee?
W: I'd love to, but I'm exhausted. I was up till 3 this morning, writing a paper for my literature class.
Q: Why does the woman decline the man's invitation?
18.	W: You had a job interview yesterday, didn't you? How did it go?
M: Not too bad, I guess. There were about 20 candidates competing for the sales manager's job. And finally it was down to three of us, but the other two seemed better qualified.
Q: What does the man imply?
Long Conversations
Conversation One
W: Simon, how does it feel to be retired?
M: Well, not so bad.
W: How have you been spending your time?
M: I have been spending more time with my family. I've also traveled a bit, you know, off season when everywhere is less crowded and hotels cost less.
W: Great.
M: You know I haven't stopped work completely.
W: Yes, could you tell us more about this?
M: I'm on a scheme that's called phased retirement; I had a six-month break from work, after that I could apply for project work with the company I used to work for.
W: How does the scheme work?
M: Well, it's a trial at the moment. Instead of hiring temporary stuff, the company advertises posts on its website that retired employees like myself can access.
W: What sort of works advertised?
M: Well, all sorts of things, really. Administrative work and more specialized work, the sort of thing I can do. Some of the projects can last five or six months, and others can just be a couple of days. I can decide more or less when to work. So I can manage my own time.
W: I can see it's good for you. What is your company get out of this?
M: Well, I still have all my old contacts at work, so I know who to contact to get something done. The company gets flexibility, too. Once the job's over, that's it. I'm not on their books any more.
Questions 19-21 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
19.	Why does Simon find his retired life enjoyable?
20.	How does Simon get to know about the company's available posts?
21.	Why does the company adopt the phased retirement scheme?
Conversation Two
W: Oh, where are we going?
M: I want to show you something.
W: I know, but what is it?
M: A farm. It's just down this road. It's a small place, but at least it would be our own.
W: A farm? How can we afford to buy a farm?
M: It isn't very large, only 40 acres. We wouldn't have to pay very much right now.
W: Is there a house on the place?
M: A small one, two bedrooms, but it needs to be fixed up a little. I can do the job myself.
W: OK. Is there enough space for a kitchen garden?
M: There is about half an acre around the house. That's plenty of space.
W: Then we can grow our own fresh vegetables. And maybe keep a few chickens, couldn't we?
M: Yes, and we can probably grow a lot of our own food.
W: What are you thinking about growing, if we do take this place?
M: Well, it really isn't big enough for corn. I thought we might try to raise a crop of potatoes.
W: Potatoes? There are a lot of work.
M: We are used to hard work, aren't we?
W: Yes, we are, but the money. Do we have enough to get started? It seems like a dream.
M: I think we've saved enough. We can pay a little on the farm and maybe put a few dollars down on the tractor, too.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
22.	What are the speakers going to do at the time of the conversation?
23.	What does the man say about the farm?
24.	Why does the man intend to grow potatoes rather than corn on the farm?
25.	What is the woman's greatest concern about the man's plan?
Passage
Passage 1
　　Members of the city council and distinguished guests, it is my privilege to introduce to you today Mr. Robert Washington, chief of our city's police force. He will address us on the subject of the Community Policing Program. Most of you know that Mr. Washington has a distinguished record as head of our police force for more than ten years. However, you may not know that he also holds a master's degree in criminology and studied abroad for a year with the international police force which deals with crimes around the world. Mr. Washington first introduced the Community Policing Program 8 years ago. The idea behind the program is to get the police officers out of their cars and into our neighborhoods where they can talk directly to merchants and residents about the real dynamics of our city. These officers do more than make arrests. They try to find ways to help solve the problems that contribute to crime in the first place. Often that means hooking people up with services offered by other city agencies, such as schools, hospitals, housing, drug treatment centers. And the program seems to be working: crime is down and our citizens report that they feel more secure. Today Mr. Washington is going to tell us more about this program. Now let's welcome Mr. Robert Washington.
26.	What is the purpose of the speaker's remarks?
27.	What does the speaker say about Mr. Robert Washington?
28.	What is the idea behind the Community Policing Program?
29.	How has the Community Policing Program turned out to be?
Passage 2
　　There are between 3,000 and 6,000 public languages in the world, and we must add approximately 6 billion private languages since each one of us necessarily has one. Considering these facts, the possibilities for breakdowns in communication seem infinite in number. However, we do communicate successfully from time to time. And we do learn to speak languages. But learning to speak languages seems to be a very mysterious process. For a long time, people thought that we learned a language only by imitation and association. For example, a baby touches a hot pot and starts to cry. The mother says, "Hot, hot!" And the baby, when it stops crying, imitates the mother and says, "Hot, hot!" However, Noam Chomsky, a famous expert in language, pointed out that although children do learn some words by imitation and association, they also combine words to make meaningful sentences in ways that are unique, unlearned and creative. Because young children can make sentences they have never heard before, Chomsky suggested that human infants are born with the ability to learn language. Chomsky meant that underneath all the differences between public and private languages, there is a universal language mechanism that makes it possible for us, as infants, to learn any language in the world. This theory explains the potential that human infants have for learning language. But it does not really explain how children come to use language in particular ways.
Questions 30 to 32 are based on the passage you have just heard.
30.	Why does the speaker say there are great possibilities for communication breakdowns?
31.	What is Chomsky's point on the ability to learn a language?
32.	What does Chomsky's theory fail to explain according to the speaker?
Passage 3
　　When US spacewoman Joan Higginbotham is not flying and working in space, she might be found somewhere on earth giving a speech. Higginbotham, who grew up in Chicago and became an engineer before joining NASA, that is the National Air and Space Administration, gives about a dozen speeches a year. Each speech is different because she tailors her remarks to each audience. Through interviews and E-mails, she finds out in advance her listeners' educational level and what information they want to know. On the subject of space walks, for example, audiences vary in their interests and how much complexity they can comprehend. To elementary school children, Higginbotham may discuss a problem that many kids want to know about. "How do spacemen in a spacesuit eat, drink, and go to the bathroom?" Her answer is "the spacesuit is really a small spacecraft with room for food and water-containers, and a waste-collection system." To a high school audience, she might satisfy a curiosity that often arises in her pre-speech interviews with students who obviously have seen many science fiction movies. "Do spacemen carry weapons in case they encounter enemies in space?" Her answer is "No." To scientists, she might provide technical details on such topics as the design of spacesuits that protects spacemen from the deadly temperature extremes of space. Just as elaborate preparation is required for success in space, Higginbotham says that it's important for speakers to learn as much as possible about their listeners before a speech because every audience is different.
Questions 33 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
33.	What did Joan Higginbotham do before joining in NASA?
34.	How does Higginbotham prepare her speech on space walks?
35.	What does the high school audience want to know about space travel?
Compound Dictation
　　Crime is increasing worldwide. There is every reason to believe the trend will continue through the next few decades. 
　　Crime rates have always been high in multicultural, industrialized societies such as the United States. But a new phenomenon has appeared on the world scene-rapidly rising crime rates in nations that previously reported few offenses. Street crimes such as robbery, rape, murder and auto theft are clearly rising, particularly in eastern European countries such as Hungary and in western European nations such as the United Kingdom. 
　　What is driving this crime explosion? There are no simple answers. Still, there are certain conditions associated with rising crime: increasing heterogeneity（混杂） of populations, greater cultural pluralism, higher immigration, democratization of governments, changing national borders, greater economic growth, and the lack of accepted social ideas of right and wrong. 
　　These conditions are increasing observable around the world. For instance, cultures that were previously isolated and homogeneous (同种类的), such as Japan, Denmark, and Greece, are now facing the sort of cultural variety that has been common in America for most of its history. 
　　Multiculturalism can be a rewarding, enriching experience, but it can also lead to a clash of values. Heterogeneity in societies will be the rule in the twenty-first century, and failure to recognize and plan for such diversity can lead to serious crime problems.


大家版收藏级大学英语四六级真题大全	大家学习网

www.TopSage.com	2008年12月20日大学英语四级考试(CET-4)

22	

	1




大家版收藏级大学英语四六级真题大全	大家学习网

www.TopSage.com	2008年12月20日大学英语四级考试(CET-4)

36	

	15




大家版收藏级大学英语四六级真题大全	大家学习网

www.TopSage.com	2008年12月20日大学英语四级考试(CET-4)

38	

	24




